Form 8996 is a document issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for taxpayers who are organized as corporations or partnerships and are investing in qualified opportunity zone (QOZ) property. The form is used to calculate the investment standard and penalty for failing to maintain the investment standard.

The form consists of several parts. In Part I, taxpayers provide general information and certify whether they are organized for the purpose of investing in QOZ property and if it is their first period as a QOZ. If it is their first period, they must provide the first month in which the fund chose to be a QOZ.

Part II involves the calculation of the investment standard. Taxpayers enter the total QOZ property and total assets held by the taxpayer on the last day of the first 6-month period and the taxpayer's tax year. They then divide the total QOZ property by the total assets to determine the investment standard.

In Part III, taxpayers add the results from lines 9 and 12 in Part II to calculate the QOZ fund average. If the average is equal to or more than 0.90, taxpayers enter -0- on this line and file the form with their tax return. If the average is less than 0.90, taxpayers must complete Part IV to calculate the penalty.

Part IV involves a penalty calculation based on the underpayment rate and the total assets and QOZ property held by the taxpayer on a monthly basis. The penalty is then added up for each month and entered on line 15 in Part III.

Part V and Part VI are used to report the QOZ business property directly owned or leased by the taxpayer and the QOZ stock or partnership interests held by the taxpayer, respectively. The values of these properties and interests are reported for the first 6-month period and the tax year.

Part VII is a continuation of Part VI and allows taxpayers to report additional QOZ business properties and interests if necessary.

Overall, Form 8996 is used to calculate the investment standard and penalty for taxpayers investing in QOZ property and must be attached to their tax return.