Schedule OI (Form 1040-NR) is a document provided by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for taxpayers to provide additional information when filing Form 1040-NR. The form includes several questions that taxpayers must answer. 

The questions on Schedule OI include:

A. The taxpayer is asked to provide the country or countries of which they were a citizen or national during the tax year.

B. The taxpayer is asked to indicate the country in which they claimed residence for tax purposes during the tax year.

C. The taxpayer is asked if they have ever applied to be a green card holder (lawful permanent resident) of the United States.

D. The taxpayer is asked if they have ever been a U.S. citizen or a green card holder (lawful permanent resident) of the United States.

E. If the taxpayer had a visa on the last day of the tax year, they are asked to enter their visa type. If they did not have a visa, they are asked to enter their U.S. immigration status on the last day of the tax year.

F. The taxpayer is asked if they have ever changed their visa type (nonimmigrant status) or U.S. immigration status.

G. The taxpayer is asked to list all dates they entered and left the United States during the tax year.

H. The taxpayer is asked to provide the number of days they were present in the United States during each of the years 2020, 2021, and 2022.

I. The taxpayer is asked if they filed a U.S. income tax return for any prior year and, if so, to provide the latest year and form number filed.

J. The taxpayer is asked if they are filing a return for a trust and, if so, if the trust had a U.S. or foreign owner under the grantor trust rules, made a distribution or loan to a U.S. person, or received a contribution from a U.S. person.

K. The taxpayer is asked if they received total compensation of $250,000 or more during the tax year and, if so, if they used an alternative method to determine the source of this compensation.

L. The taxpayer is asked to provide information on income exempt from tax under a U.S. income tax treaty with a foreign country.

M. The taxpayer is asked to check a box if they are making an election to treat income from real property located in the United States as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business under section 871(d) of the tax code.

The form also includes instructions and a notice regarding the Paperwork Reduction Act.

This summary provides an overview of the information requested on Schedule OI (Form 1040-NR). Taxpayers should refer to the official instructions and consult with a tax professional for guidance on completing the form accurately.