Schedule L (Form 1118) is a form used for reporting foreign tax redeterminations for corporations. The form is divided into several parts:

Part I: Increase in Amount of Foreign Taxes Accrued - This section requires the taxpayer to enter redetermined amounts of foreign taxes accrued for each separate relation back year, including the name of the payor entity, EIN or reference ID number, country or U.S. possession to which tax is paid, date of additional foreign tax payment, foreign tax year, payor entity's income subject to tax, additional tax accrued in local currency and functional currency, conversion rate, additional tax accrued in U.S. dollars, revised tax accrued, and reference ID number for contested tax.

Part II: Decrease in Amount of Foreign Taxes Paid or Accrued - This section is similar to Part I but focuses on the decrease in the amount of foreign taxes paid or accrued. It requires the taxpayer to enter redetermined amounts of foreign taxes paid or accrued for each separate relation back year, including the name of the payor entity, EIN or reference ID number, country or U.S. possession from which tax was refunded or deemed refunded, date of foreign tax refund or deemed refund, foreign tax year, payor entity's income subject to tax, tax refunded or deemed refunded in local currency, refunded amount in functional currency, conversion rate, refunded amount in U.S. dollars, revised tax paid or accrued, and checkboxes for Section 905(c)(2) Two Year Rule and Change Caused to High Tax Exception/Exclusion.

Part III: Change in Inclusions; Change in Foreign Taxes Paid, Accrued, or Deemed Paid; and Change in Foreign Tax Credits Claimed - This section requires the taxpayer to enter information for the change in inclusions, change to the amount of foreign taxes paid, accrued, or deemed paid, and change in foreign tax credits claimed for each relation back year.

Part IV: Change in U.S. Tax Liability - This section requires the taxpayer to enter information for the change in U.S. tax liability for each relation back year and other affected year.

Part V: Annual Reporting for Contested Taxes - This section is only applicable for tax year 2023 and onwards. It requires the taxpayer to enter information for each contested foreign tax liability for which a provisional foreign tax credit has been claimed, including the relation back year, name of the payor entity, reference ID number for the contested tax, country or U.S. possession to which tax was paid, amount of contested tax provisionally claimed as credit, contest ongoing status, contest resolved status, date of contest resolution, and tax refunded or additional tax paid, if any.

Overall, Schedule L (Form 1118) is a detailed form used for reporting and documenting foreign tax redeterminations for corporations.