The document is a Schedule M-3 form for S Corporations with total assets of $10 million or more. It is used to reconcile the net income (loss) per the income statement of the corporation with the total income (loss) per the tax return. 

The form consists of three parts. 

Part I requires the corporation to provide financial information and reconcile the net income (loss) per its income statement. It asks whether the corporation prepared a certified audited non-tax-basis income statement, and if not, whether it prepared a non-tax-basis income statement. The form then asks for the income statement period, whether the income statement has been restated, and the accounting standard used for the income statement. It also includes sections for net income from nonincludible foreign entities, net income from nonincludible U.S. entities, net income (loss) of other foreign disregarded entities, net income (loss) of other U.S. disregarded entities, net income (loss) of other qualified subchapter S subsidiaries, adjustments to eliminations of transactions, adjustments to reconcile the income statement period to the tax year, other adjustments, and the net income (loss) per the income statement of the corporation. 

Part II is the reconciliation of net income (loss) per the income statement of the corporation with the total income (loss) per the tax return. It includes various income (loss) items such as income (loss) from equity method foreign corporations, gross foreign dividends, subpart F, QEF, and similar income inclusions, gross foreign distributions, income (loss) from equity method U.S. corporations, U.S. dividends not eliminated in tax consolidation, income (loss) from U.S. partnerships, income (loss) from foreign partnerships, income (loss) from other pass-through entities, items relating to reportable transactions, interest income, total accrual to cash adjustment, hedging transactions, mark-to-market income (loss), cost of goods sold, sale versus lease, Section 481(a) adjustments, unearned/deferred revenue, income recognition from long-term contracts, original issue discount and other imputed interest, income statement gain/loss on sale, exchange, abandonment, worthlessness, or other disposition of assets, other income (loss) items with differences, and the total income (loss) items. 

Part III is the reconciliation of net income (loss) per the income statement of the corporation with the total income (loss) per the tax return for expense/deduction items. It includes various expense/deduction items such as U.S. current income tax expense, U.S. deferred income tax expense, state and local current income tax expense, state and local deferred income tax expense, foreign current income tax expense, foreign deferred income tax expense, equity-based compensation, meals and entertainment, fines and penalties, judgments, damages, awards, and similar costs, pension and profit-sharing, other post-retirement benefits, deferred compensation, charitable contributions, current year acquisition or reorganization investment banking fees, current year acquisition or reorganization legal and accounting fees, current year acquisition/reorganization other costs, amortization/impairment of goodwill, amortization of acquisition, reorganization, and start-up costs, other amortization or impairment write-offs, depletion, depreciation, bad debt expense, interest expense, corporate-owned life insurance premiums, purchase versus lease, research and development costs, Section 118 exclusion, other expense/deduction items with differences, and the total expense/deduction items. 

The form must be attached to Form 1120-S and the corporation's net income (loss) per the income statement must be reconciled with the total income (loss) per the tax return.