Department of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
2022 Instructions for Schedule C
Profit or Loss 
From Business
Use Schedule C (Form 1040) to report income or (loss) from a business you operated 
or a profession you practiced as a sole proprietor. An activity qualifies as a business if 
your primary purpose for engaging in the activity is for income or profit and you are 
involved in the activity with continuity and regularity. For example, a sporadic activi-
ty, a not-for-profit activity, or a hobby does not qualify as a business. To report in-
come from a nonbusiness activity, see the instructions for Schedule 1 (Form 1040), 
line 8j.
Also, use Schedule C to report (a) wages and expenses you had as a statutory em-
ployee; (b) income and deductions of certain qualified joint ventures; and (c) certain 
amounts shown on a Form 1099, such as Form 1099-MISC, Form 1099-NEC, and 
Form 1099-K. See the instructions on your Form 1099 for more information about 
what to report on Schedule C.
You may be subject to state and local taxes and other requirements such as business 
licenses and fees. Check with your state and local governments for more information.
Section references are to the Internal 
Revenue Code unless otherwise noted.
Future Developments
For the latest information about devel-
opments related to Schedule C and its 
instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to IRS.gov/
ScheduleC.
What's New
Standard mileage rate.  The business 
standard mileage rate from January 1, 
2022, to June 30, 2022, is 58.5 cents per 
mile. The business standard mileage rate 
from July 1, 2022, to December 31, 
2022, is 62.5 cents per mile.
New Form 7205, Energy Efficient 
Commercial 
Buildings 
Deduction. 
This new form and its separate instruc-
tions are used to claim the IRC 179D de-
duction for qualifying energy efficient 
commercial building expenses. See 
Form 7205.
Reminders
Self-employed tax payments deferred 
in 2020. If you elected to defer self-em-
ployed tax payments from 2020, see 
How self-employed individuals and 
household employers repay deferred 
Social Security tax.
Gig Economy Tax Center. The gig (or 
on-demand, sharing, or access) economy 
refers to an activity where people earn 
income providing on-demand work, 
services, or goods. Go to IRS.gov/Gig to 
get more information about the tax con-
sequences of participating in the gig 
economy.
Business meal expense. For a limited 
time, business meals are 100% deducti-
ble 
under 
certain 
conditions. 
See 
Line 24b, later, for more information.
Excess business loss limitation. If you 
report a loss on line 31 of your Sched-
ule C (Form 1040), you may be subject 
to a business loss limitation. The disal-
lowed loss resulting from the limitation 
will not be reflected on line 31 of your 
Schedule C. Instead, use Form 461 to 
determine the amount of your excess 
business loss, which will be included as 
income on Schedule 1 (Form 1040), 
line 8p. Any disallowed loss resulting 
from this limitation will be treated as a 
net operating loss that must be carried 
forward and deducted in a subsequent 
year.
See Form 461 and its instructions for 
details on the excess business loss limi-
tation.
Small Business and Self-Employed 
(SB/SE) Tax Center. Do you need help 
with a tax issue or preparing your return, 
or do you need a free publication or 
form? SB/SE serves taxpayers who file 
Form 1040, 1040-SR, Schedules C, E, F, 
or Form 2106, as well as small business 
taxpayers with assets under $10 million. 
For additional information, go to the 
Small Business and Self-Employed Tax 
Center at IRS.gov/SmallBiz.
General 
Instructions
Other Schedules and Forms 
You May Have To File
• Schedule A (Form 1040) to deduct 
interest, taxes, and casualty losses not 
related to your business.
• Schedule E (Form 1040) to report 
rental real estate and royalty income or 
(loss) that is not subject to 
self-employment tax.
• Schedule F (Form 1040) to report 
profit or (loss) from farming.
• Schedule J (Form 1040) to figure 
your tax by averaging your farming or 
fishing income over the previous 3 
years. Doing so may reduce your tax.
• Schedule SE (Form 1040) to pay 
self-employment tax on income from 
any trade or business.
• Form 461 to report an excess 
business loss.
• Form 3800 to claim any of the 
general business credits.
• Form 4562 to claim depreciation 
and amortization on assets placed in 
service in 2022, to claim amortization 
that began in 2022, to make an election 
under section 179 to expense certain 
property, or to report information on 
listed property.
• Form 4684 to report a casualty or 
theft gain or (loss) involving property 
used in your trade or business or 
income-producing property.
C-1
Jan 25, 2023
Cat. No. 24329W
• Form 4797 to report sales, 
exchanges, and involuntary conversions 
(not from a casualty or theft) of trade or 
business property.
• Form 6198 to apply a limitation to 
your loss if you have a business loss and 
you have amounts invested in the 
business for which you are not at risk.
• Form 6252 to report income from 
an installment agreement.
• Form 7205 is used to claim the 
IRC 179D deduction for qualifying 
energy efficient commercial building 
expenses.
• Form 8582 to apply a limitation to 
your loss from passive activities.
• Form 8594 to report certain 
purchases or sales of groups of assets 
that constitute a trade or business.
• Form 8824 to report like-kind 
exchanges.
• Form 8829 to claim actual 
expenses for business use of your home.
• Form 8960 to pay Net Investment 
Income Tax on certain income from 
your passive activities.
• Form 8990 to determine whether 
your business interest deduction is 
limited.
• Form 8995 or 8995-A to claim a 
deduction for qualified business income.
Single-member limited liability com-
pany (LLC). Generally, a single-mem-
ber domestic LLC is not treated as a sep-
arate entity for federal income tax 
purposes. If you are the sole member of 
a domestic LLC, file Schedule C (or 
Schedule E or F, if applicable) unless 
you have elected to treat the domestic 
LLC as a corporation. See Form 8832 
for details on making this election and 
for information about the tax treatment 
of a foreign LLC.
Single-member LLCs with employees. 
A single-member LLC must file em-
ployment tax returns using the LLC's 
name and employer identification num-
ber (EIN) rather than the owner's name 
and EIN, even if the LLC is not treated 
as a separate entity for federal income 
tax purposes.
Heavy highway vehicle use tax. If you 
use certain highway trucks, truck-trail-
ers, tractor-trailers, or buses in your 
trade or business, you may have to pay a 
federal highway motor vehicle use tax. 
See the Instructions for Form 2290 to 
find out if you must pay this tax and go 
to IRS.gov/Trucker for the most recent 
developments.
Information returns. You may have to 
file information returns for wages paid 
to employees, and certain payments of 
fees and other nonemployee compensa-
tion, interest, rents, royalties, real estate 
transactions, annuities, and pensions. 
See Line I, later, and the 2022 General 
Instructions for Certain Information Re-
turns for details and other payments that 
may require you to file a Form 1099.
If you received cash of more than 
$10,000 in one or more related transac-
tions in your trade or business, you may 
have to file Form 8300. For details, see 
Pub. 1544.
Business Owned and 
Operated by Spouses
Generally, if you and your spouse joint-
ly own and operate an unincorporated 
business and share in the profits and los-
ses, you are partners in a partnership, 
whether or not you have a formal part-
nership agreement. You generally have 
to file Form 1065 instead of Schedule C 
for your joint business activity; howev-
er, you may not have to file Form 1065 
if either of the following applies.
• You and your spouse elect to be 
treated as a qualified joint venture. See 
Qualified Joint Venture next.
• You and your spouse wholly own 
the unincorporated business as commun-
ity property and you treat the business as 
a sole proprietorship. See Community 
Income, later.
Otherwise, use Form 1065. See Pub. 541 
for information about partnerships.
Qualified Joint Venture
You and your spouse can elect to treat 
an unincorporated business as a quali-
fied joint venture instead of a partner-
ship if you:
• Each materially participate in the 
business (see Material participation, lat-
er, in the instructions for line G),
• Are the only owners of the busi-
ness, and
• File a joint return for the tax year.
Making the election will allow you to 
avoid the complexity of Form 1065, but 
still give each of you credit for social se-
curity earnings on which retirement ben-
efits, disability benefits, survivor bene-
fits, and insurance (Medicare) benefits 
are based. In most cases, this election 
will not increase the total tax owed on 
the joint return.
Jointly owned property. You and your 
spouse must operate a business to make 
this election. Do not make the election 
for jointly owned property that is not a 
trade or business.
Only businesses that are owned 
and operated by spouses as 
co-owners (and not in the name 
of a state law entity) qualify for the elec-
tion. Thus, a business owned and oper-
ated by spouses through a LLC does not 
qualify for the election of a qualified 
joint venture.
Making the election. To make this 
election, divide all items of income, 
gain, loss, deduction, and credit attribut-
able to the business between you and 
your spouse based on your interests in 
the business. Each of you must file a 
separate Schedule C or F. Enter your 
share of the applicable income, deduc-
tion, or (loss) on the appropriate lines of 
your separate Schedule C or F. Each of 
you may also need to file a separate 
Schedule SE to pay self-employment 
tax. If the business was taxed as a part-
nership before you made the election, 
the partnership will be treated as termi-
nating at the end of the preceding tax 
year. For information on how to report 
the termination of the partnership, see 
Pub. 541.
Revoking the election. The election 
can be revoked only with the permission 
of the IRS. However, the election re-
mains in effect only for as long as you 
and your spouse continue to meet the re-
quirements to make the election. If you 
and your spouse fail to meet the require-
ments for any year, you will need to 
make a new election to be treated as a 
qualified joint venture in any future 
year.
Employer 
identification 
number 
(EIN). You and your spouse do not 
need to obtain an EIN to make the elec-
tion. But you may need an EIN to file 
other returns, such as employment or ex-
cise tax returns. To apply for an EIN, 
see the Instructions for Form SS-4 or go 
to IRS.gov/EIN.
Rental real estate business. If you and 
your spouse make the election for your 
rental real estate business, you must 
each report your share of income and 
CAUTION
!
C-2
deductions on Schedule E. Rental real 
estate income is not generally included 
in net earnings from self-employment 
subject to self-employment tax and is 
generally subject to the passive loss lim-
itation rules. Electing qualified joint 
venture status does not alter the applica-
tion of the self-employment tax or the 
passive loss limitation rules.
More information. For more informa-
tion on qualified joint ventures, go to 
IRS.gov/QJV.
Community Income
If you and your spouse wholly own an 
unincorporated business as community 
property under the community property 
laws of a state, foreign country, or U.S. 
possession, you can treat your wholly 
owned, unincorporated business as a 
sole proprietorship, instead of a partner-
ship. Any change in your reporting posi-
tion will be treated as a conversion of 
the entity.
Report your income and deductions 
as follows.
• If only one spouse participates in 
the business, all of the income from that 
business is the self-employment earn-
ings of the spouse who carried on the 
business.
• If both spouses participate, the in-
come and deductions are allocated to the 
spouses based on their distributive 
shares.
• If either or both spouses are part-
ners in a partnership, see Pub. 541.
• If both spouses elected to treat the 
business as a qualifying joint venture, 
see Qualified Joint Venture, earlier.
States with community property laws 
include Arizona, California, Idaho, Lou-
isiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas, 
Washington, and Wisconsin. See Pub. 
555 for more information about com-
munity property laws.
Reportable Transaction 
Disclosure Statement
Use Form 8886 to disclose information 
for each reportable transaction in which 
you participated. Form 8886 must be 
filed for each tax year that your federal 
income tax liability is affected by your 
participation in the transaction. You may 
have to pay a penalty if you are required 
to file Form 8886 but do not do so. You 
may also have to pay interest and penal-
ties on any reportable transaction under-
statements. The following are reportable 
transactions.
• Any listed transaction that is the 
same as or substantially similar to tax 
avoidance transactions identified by the 
IRS.
• Any transaction offered to you or a 
related party under conditions of confi-
dentiality for which you paid an advisor 
a fee of at least $50,000.
• Certain transactions for which you 
or a related party have contractual pro-
tection against disallowance of the tax 
benefits.
• Certain transactions resulting in a 
loss of at least $2 million in any single 
tax year or $4 million in any combina-
tion of tax years. (At least $50,000 for a 
single tax year if the loss arose from a 
foreign currency transaction defined in 
section 988(c)(1), whether or not the 
loss flows through from an S corpora-
tion or partnership.)
• Certain transactions of interest en-
tered into that are the same or substan-
tially similar to one of the types of trans-
actions that the IRS has identified by 
published guidance as a transaction of 
interest.
See the Instructions for Form 8886 
for more details.
Capital Construction Fund
Do not claim on Schedule C the deduc-
tion for amounts contributed to a capital 
construction fund set up under chap-
ter 535 of title 46 of the United States 
Code. Instead, reduce the amount you 
would otherwise enter on Form 1040 or 
1040-SR, line 15, by the amount of the 
deduction. Next to line 15, enter “CCF” 
and the amount of the deduction. For de-
tails, see Pub. 595.
Additional Information
See Pub. 334 for more information for 
small businesses.
Specific 
Instructions
Filers of Form 1041. Do not complete 
the block labeled “Social security num-
ber (SSN).” Instead, enter the EIN is-
sued to the estate or trust on line C.
Line A
Describe the business or professional ac-
tivity that provided your principal 
source of income reported on line 1. If 
you owned more than one business, you 
must complete a separate Schedule C for 
each business. Give the general field or 
activity and the type of product or serv-
ice. If your general field or activity is 
wholesale or retail trade, or services 
connected with production services 
(mining, construction, or manufactur-
ing), also give the type of customer or 
client; for example, “wholesale sale of 
hardware to retailers” or “appraisal of 
real estate for lending institutions.” For 
nonstore retailers, select the PBA code 
by the primary product that your estab-
lishment sells. For example, establish-
ments primarily selling prescription and 
non-prescription drugs, select PBA code 
456110 Pharmacies & drug retailers.
Line B
Enter on line B the six-digit code from 
the Principal Business or Professional 
Activity Codes chart at the end of these 
instructions. For nonstore retailers, se-
lect the PBA code by the primary prod-
uct that your establishment sells. For ex-
ample, establishments primarily selling 
prescription and non-prescription drugs, 
select PBA code 456110 Pharmacies & 
drug retailers.
Line D
Enter on line D the EIN that was issued 
to you on Form SS-4. Do not enter your 
SSN on this line. Do not enter another 
taxpayer's EIN (for example, from any 
Forms 1099-MISC that you received). If 
you do not have an EIN, leave line D 
blank.
You need an EIN only if you have a 
qualified retirement plan or are required 
to file employment, excise, alcohol, to-
bacco, or firearms returns, or are a payer 
of gambling winnings. If you need an 
EIN, see the Instructions for Form SS-4.
Single-member LLCs. If you are the 
sole owner of an LLC that is not treated 
as a separate entity for federal income 
tax purposes, enter on line D the EIN 
that was issued to the LLC (in the LLC's 
legal name) for a qualified retirement 
plan, to file employment, excise, alco-
hol, tobacco, or firearms returns, or as a 
C-3
payer of gambling winnings. If you do 
not have such an EIN, leave line D 
blank.
Line E
Enter your business address. Show a 
street address instead of a box number. 
Include the suite or room number, if 
any. If you conducted the business from 
your home located at the address shown 
on page 1 of your tax return, you do not 
have to complete this line.
Line F
Generally, you can use the cash method, 
an accrual method, or any other method 
permitted by the Internal Revenue Code. 
In all cases, the method used must clear-
ly reflect income. Unless you are a small 
business taxpayer (defined later under 
Part III), you must use an accrual meth-
od for sales and purchases of inventory 
items. Special rules apply to long-term 
contracts (see section 460 for details).
If you use the cash method, show all 
items of taxable income actually or con-
structively received during the year (in 
cash, property, or services). Income is 
constructively received when it is credi-
ted to your account or set aside for you 
to use. Also, show amounts actually paid 
during the year for deductible expenses. 
However, if the payment of an expendi-
ture creates an asset having a useful life 
that extends beyond 12 months or the 
end of the next tax year, it may not be 
deductible or may be deductible only in 
part for the year of the payment. See 
chapter 1 of Pub. 535.
For amounts includible in income and 
deductible as expense under an accrual 
method, see Pub. 538.
To change your accounting method, 
you must generally file Form 3115. You 
may also have to make an adjustment to 
prevent amounts of income or expense 
from being duplicated or omitted. This 
is called a section 481(a) adjustment.
Example. You change to the cash 
method of accounting and choose to ac-
count for inventoriable items in the same 
manner as non-incidental materials and 
supplies for the 2022 tax year. You ac-
crued sales in 2021 for which you re-
ceived payment in 2022. You must re-
port those sales in both years as a result 
of changing your accounting method 
and must make a section 481(a) adjust-
ment to prevent duplication of income.
A net negative section 481 adjust-
ment is generally taken into account in 
the year of change. A net positive sec-
tion 481(a) adjustment is generally taken 
into account over a period of 4 years. In-
clude any net positive section 481(a) ad-
justments on line 6. If the net section 
481(a) adjustment is negative, report it 
in Part V.
More information. For more informa-
tion about changing your accounting 
method and the section 481(a) adjust-
ment, see the Instructions for Form 
3115. Additional information is also 
available in various revenue procedures. 
See Rev. Proc. 2019-43 (and any subse-
quent revenue procedures modifying 
Rev. Proc. 2019-43) for a list of auto-
matic changes, including a description 
of its effect on prior lists of automatic 
changes. Rev. Proc. 2019-43 is available 
at 
IRS.gov/irb/
2019-48_IRB#RP-2019-43.
Line G
If your business activity was not a rental 
activity and you met any of the material 
participation tests, explained next, or the 
exception for oil and gas applies, check 
the “Yes” box. Otherwise, check the 
“No” box. If you check the “No” box, 
this activity is passive. If you have a loss 
from a passive activity, see Limit on los-
ses, later. If you have a profit from the 
rental of property to a nonpassive activi-
ty, see Recharacterization of Passive In-
come in Pub. 925 to find out how to re-
port the net income.
Material participation. For purposes 
of the seven material participation tests 
listed later, participation generally in-
cludes any work you did in connection 
with an activity if you owned an interest 
in the activity at the time you did the 
work. The capacity in which you did the 
work does not matter. However, work is 
not treated as participation if it is work 
that an owner would not customarily do 
in the same type of activity and one of 
your main reasons for doing the work 
was to avoid the disallowance of losses 
or credits from the activity under the 
passive activity rules.
Work you did as an investor in an ac-
tivity is not treated as participation un-
less you were directly involved in the 
day-to-day management or operations of 
the activity. Work done as an investor 
includes:
• Studying and reviewing financial 
statements or reports on the activity,
• Preparing or compiling summaries 
or analyses of the finances or operations 
of the activity for your own use, and
• Monitoring the finances or opera-
tions of the activity in a nonmanagerial 
capacity.
Participation by your spouse during 
the tax year in an activity you own can 
be counted as your participation in the 
activity. This rule applies even if your 
spouse did not own an interest in the ac-
tivity and whether or not you and your 
spouse file a joint return. However, this 
rule does not apply for purposes of de-
termining whether you and your spouse 
can elect to have your business treated 
as a qualified joint venture instead of a 
partnership (see Qualified Joint Venture, 
earlier).
For purposes of the passive activity 
rules, you materially participated in the 
operation of this trade or business activi-
ty during 2022 if you met any of the fol-
lowing seven tests.
1. You participated in the activity 
for more than 500 hours during the tax 
year.
2. Your participation in the activity 
for the tax year was substantially all of 
the participation in the activity of all in-
dividuals (including individuals who did 
not own any interest in the activity) for 
the tax year.
3. You participated in the activity 
for more than 100 hours during the tax 
year, and you participated at least as 
much as any other person for the tax 
year. This includes individuals who did 
not own any interest in the activity.
4. The activity is a significant par-
ticipation activity for the tax year, and 
you participated in all significant partici-
pation activities for more than 500 hours 
during the year. An activity is a “signifi-
cant participation activity” if it involves 
the conduct of a trade or business, you 
participated in the activity for more than 
100 hours during the tax year, and you 
did not materially participate under any 
of the material participation tests (other 
than this test 4).
C-4
5. You materially participated in the 
activity for any 5 of the prior 10 tax 
years.
6. The activity is a personal service 
activity in which you materially partici-
pated for any 3 prior tax years. A per-
sonal service activity is an activity that 
involves performing personal services in 
the field of health, law, engineering, ar-
chitecture, accounting, actuarial science, 
performing arts, or consulting, or any 
other trade or business in which capital 
is not a material income-producing fac-
tor.
7. Based on all the facts and circum-
stances, you participated in the activity 
on a regular, continuous, and substantial 
basis for more than 100 hours during the 
tax year.Your participation in managing 
the activity does not count in determin-
ing if you meet this test if any person 
(except you) (a) received compensation 
for performing management services in 
connection with the activity, or (b) spent 
more hours during the tax year than you 
spent performing management services 
in connection with the activity (regard-
less of whether the person was compen-
sated for the services).
Rental of personal property. General-
ly, a rental activity (such as long-term 
equipment leasing) is a passive activity 
even if you materially participated in the 
activity. However, if you met any of the 
five exceptions listed under Rental Ac-
tivities in the Instructions for Form 
8582, the rental of the property is not 
treated as a rental activity and the mate-
rial participation rules explained earlier 
apply.
Exception for oil and gas. If you are 
filing Schedule C to report income and 
deductions from an oil or gas well in 
which you own a working interest di-
rectly or through an entity that does not 
limit your liability, check the “Yes” box. 
The activity of owning a working inter-
est is not a passive activity, regardless of 
your participation.
Limit on losses. Your business activity 
loss may be limited if you checked the 
“No” box on line G. In addition, your 
rental activity loss may be limited even 
if you materially participated. In gener-
al, a business activity in which you do 
not materially participate or a rental ac-
tivity is a passive activity and you have 
to use Form 8582 to apply a limitation 
that may reduce the loss, if any, that you 
may enter on Schedule C, line 31. For 
details, see Pub. 925.
Line H
If you started or acquired this business 
in 2022, check the box on line H. Also, 
check the box if you are reopening or re-
starting this business after temporarily 
closing it, and you did not file a 2021 
Schedule C for this business.
Line I
If you made any payment in 2022 that 
would require you to file any Forms 
1099, check the “Yes” box. Otherwise, 
check the “No” box.
You may have to file information re-
turns for wages paid to employees, cer-
tain payments of fees and other nonem-
ployee compensation, interest, rents, 
royalties, real estate transactions, annui-
ties, and pensions. You may also have to 
file an information return if you sold 
$5,000 or more of consumer products to 
a person on a buy-sell, a deposit-com-
mission, or other similar basis for resale.
The Guide to Information Re-
turns in the 2022 General In-
structions for Certain Informa-
tion Returns identifies which Forms 
1099 must be filed, the amounts to re-
port, and the due dates for the required 
Forms 1099.
Part I. Income
Except as otherwise provided in the In-
ternal Revenue Code, gross income in-
cludes income from whatever source de-
rived. In certain circumstances, howev-
er, gross income does not include extra-
territorial income that is qualifying for-
eign trade income. Use Form 8873 to 
figure the extraterritorial income exclu-
sion. Report it on Schedule C as ex-
plained in the Instructions for Form 
8873.
If you were a debtor in a chapter 11 
bankruptcy case during 2022, see Chap-
ter 11 Bankruptcy Cases in the Instruc-
tions for Form 1040 (under Income) and 
the Instructions for Schedule SE.
Be sure to report all income attributa-
ble to your trade or business from all 
TIP
sources. You may receive one or more 
Forms 1099 from people who are re-
quired to provide information to the IRS 
listing amounts that may be income you 
received as a result of your trade or busi-
ness activities. The following is a list of 
some of the common Forms 1099.
• 1099-MISC. For more information 
about what is being reported on Form 
1099-MISC, see the Instructions for Re-
cipient included on that form.
• 1099-NEC. For more information 
about what is being reported on Form 
1099-NEC, see the Instructions for Re-
cipient included on that form.
• 1099-K. For more information 
about what is being reported on Form 
1099-K, see the Instructions for Payee 
included on that form and go to IRS.gov/
Gig.
Income you report on Sched-
ule C may be qualified business 
income and entitle you to a de-
duction on Form 1040 or 1040-SR, 
line 13.
Line 1
Enter gross receipts from your trade or 
business. Be sure to check any Forms 
1099 you received for business income 
that must be reported on this line.
If you received one or more Forms 
1099-NEC, be sure line 1 includes 
amounts properly shown on your Forms 
1099-NEC. If the total amounts that 
were reported in box 1 of Forms 
1099-NEC are more than the total you 
are reporting on line 1, attach a state-
ment explaining the difference.
Statutory employees. If you received a 
Form W-2, Wage and Tax Statement, 
and the "Statutory employee" box in 
box 13 of that form was checked, report 
your income and expenses related to that 
income on Schedule C. Enter your statu-
tory employee income from box 1 of 
Form W-2 on line 1 of Schedule C and 
check the box on that line. Social securi-
ty and Medicare tax should have been 
withheld from your earnings; as a result, 
you do not owe self-employment tax on 
these earnings. Statutory employees in-
clude full-time life insurance agents, 
certain agent or commission drivers and 
traveling 
salespersons, 
and 
certain 
homeworkers.
TIP
C-5
If you had both self-employment in-
come and statutory employee income, 
you must file two Schedules C. You 
cannot combine these amounts on a sin-
gle Schedule C.
Qualified joint ventures should 
report rental real estate income 
not subject to self-employment 
tax on Schedule E. See Qualified Joint 
Venture, earlier, and the Instructions for 
Schedule E.
Installment sales. Generally, the in-
stallment method cannot be used to re-
port income from the sale of (a) personal 
property regularly sold under the install-
ment method, or (b) real property held 
for resale to customers. But the install-
ment method can be used to report in-
come from sales of certain residential 
lots and timeshares if you elect to pay 
interest on the tax due on that income af-
ter the year of sale. See section 453(l)(2)
(B) for details. If you make this election, 
include the interest in the total on 
Schedule 2 (Form 1040), line 14, and 
enter the amount of interest and “453(l)
(3)” on the line next to that box.
If you use the installment method, at-
tach a statement to your return. Show 
separately for 2022 and the 3 preceding 
years: gross sales, cost of goods sold, 
gross profit, percentage of gross profit to 
gross sales, amounts collected, and gross 
profit on amounts collected.
Line 2
Report your sales returns and allowan-
ces as a positive number on line 2. A 
sales return is a cash or credit refund 
you gave to customers who returned de-
fective, damaged, or unwanted products. 
A sales allowance is a reduction in the 
selling price of products, instead of a 
cash or credit refund.
Line 6
Report on line 6 business income not re-
ported elsewhere in Part I. Be sure to in-
clude amounts from the following.
• Finance reserve income.
• Scrap sales.
• Bad debts you recovered.
• Interest (such as on notes and 
accounts receivable).
• State gasoline or fuel tax refunds 
you received in 2022.
CAUTION
!
• Any amount of credit for biofuel 
claimed on line 3 of Form 6478.
• Any amount of credit for biodiesel, 
renewable diesel, and sustainable 
aviation fuel claimed on line 10 of Form 
8864.
• Credit for federal tax paid on fuels 
claimed on your 2021 Form 1040 or 
1040-SR.
• Prizes and awards related to your 
trade or business.
• Amounts you received in your 
trade or business as shown on Form 
1099-PATR.
• The amount of any payroll tax 
credit taken by an employer for qualified 
paid sick leave and qualified paid family 
leave under the FFCRA and the ARP. 
See Form 941, lines 11b, 11d, 13c, and 
13e, and Form 944, lines 8b, 8d, 10d, 
and 10f. You must include the full 
amount (both the refundable and 
nonrefundable portions) of the credit for 
qualified sick and family leave wages in 
gross income for the tax year that 
includes the last day of any calendar 
quarter with respect to which a credit is 
allowed.
Note. A credit is available only if the 
leave was taken after March 31, 2020, 
and before October 1, 2021, and only af-
ter the qualified leave wages were paid, 
which might under certain circumstan-
ces not occur until a quarter after Sep-
tember 30, 2021, including quarters dur-
ing 2022. Accordingly, all lines related 
to qualified sick and family leave wages 
remain on the employment tax returns 
for 2022.
• Any amount of credit for COBRA 
premium assistance. See your Form(s) 
941 or Form 944 for 2022 for the 
nonrefundable and refundable portions 
of this credit that you claimed against 
your employment taxes.
• Other kinds of miscellaneous 
business income.
If the business use percentage of any 
listed property (defined under Line 13, 
later) dropped to 50% or less in 2022, 
report on this line any recapture of ex-
cess depreciation, including any section 
179 expense deduction. Use Part IV of 
Form 4797 to figure the recapture. Also, 
if the business use percentage drops to 
50% or less on leased listed property 
(other than a vehicle), include on this 
line any inclusion amount. See chapter 5 
of Pub. 946 to figure the amount.
Part II. Expenses
Capitalizing costs of producing prop-
erty and acquiring property for re-
sale. If you produced real or tangible 
personal property or acquired real or 
personal property for resale, you must 
generally capitalize certain expenses in 
inventory or other property. These ex-
penses include the direct costs of the 
property and any indirect costs properly 
allocable to that property. Reduce the 
amounts on lines 8 through 26 and Part 
V by amounts capitalized. See Pub. 538 
for a discussion of the uniform capitali-
zation rules.
Exception for a small business tax-
payer. A small business taxpayer (de-
fined later under Part III) is not required 
to capitalize certain expenses to invento-
ry or other property. See Pub. 538 for 
more details.
Exception for creative property. If 
you are a freelance artist, author, or pho-
tographer, you may be exempt from the 
capitalization rules. However, your per-
sonal efforts must have created (or rea-
sonably be expected to create) the prop-
erty. This exception does not apply to 
any expense related to printing, photo-
graphic plates, motion picture films, vid-
eotapes, or similar items. These expen-
ses are subject to the capitalization rules. 
For details, see Uniform Capitalization 
Rules in Pub. 538.
Line 9
You can deduct the actual expenses of 
operating your car or truck or take the 
standard mileage rate. This is true even 
if you used your vehicle for hire (such as 
a taxicab). You must use actual expen-
ses if you used five or more vehicles si-
multaneously in your business (such as 
in fleet operations). You cannot use ac-
tual expenses for a leased vehicle if you 
previously used the standard mileage 
rate for that vehicle.
You can take the standard mileage 
rate for 2022 only if you:
• Owned the vehicle and used the 
standard mileage rate for the first year 
you placed the vehicle in service, or
• Leased the vehicle and are using 
the standard mileage rate for the entire 
lease period.
If you take the standard mileage rate:
C-6
• Multiply the business standard 
mileage rate from January 1, 2022, to 
June 30, 2022, by 58.5 cents a mile;
• Multiply the business standard 
mileage rate from July 1, 2022, to De-
cember 31, 2022, by 62.5 cents a mile; 
and
• Add to this amount your parking 
fees and tolls; and
• Enter the total on line 9. Do not 
deduct depreciation, rent or lease pay-
ments, or your actual operating expen-
ses.
If you deduct actual expenses:
• Include on line 9 the business por-
tion of expenses for gasoline, oil, re-
pairs, insurance, license plates, etc.; and
• Show depreciation on line 13 and 
rent or lease payments on line 20a.
For details, see chapter 4 of Pub. 463.
Information on your vehicle. If you 
claim any car and truck expenses, you 
must provide certain information on the 
use of your vehicle by completing one 
of the following.
1. Complete Schedule C, Part IV, if 
(a) you are claiming the standard mile-
age rate, you lease your vehicle, or your 
vehicle is fully depreciated; and (b) you 
are not required to file Form 4562 for 
any other reason. If you used more than 
one vehicle during the year, attach a 
statement with the information requested 
in Schedule C, Part IV, for each addi-
tional vehicle.
2. Complete Form 4562, Part V, if 
you are claiming depreciation on your 
vehicle or you are required to file Form 
4562 for any other reason (see Line 13, 
later).
Line 10
Enter the total commissions and fees for 
the tax year. Do not include commis-
sions or fees that are capitalized or de-
ducted elsewhere on your return.
You must file Form 1099-NEC to re-
port certain commissions and fees of 
$600 or more during the year. See the 
Instructions for Forms 1099-MISC and 
1099-NEC for details.
Sales of property. Generally, commis-
sions and other fees paid to facilitate the 
sale of property must be capitalized. 
However, if you are a dealer in property, 
enter on line 10 the commissions and 
fees you paid to facilitate the sale of that 
property.
Note. A dealer in property is a person 
who regularly sells property in the ordi-
nary course of their trade or business.
For more information on the capitali-
zation of commissions and fees, see the 
examples under Regulations section 
1.263(a)-1(e).
Line 11
Enter the total cost of contract labor for 
the tax year. Contract labor includes 
payments to persons you do not treat as 
employees (for example, independent 
contractors) for services performed for 
your trade or business. Do not include 
contract labor deducted elsewhere on 
your return, such as contract labor in-
cludible on line 17, 21, 26, or 37. Also, 
do not include salaries and wages paid 
to your employees; instead, see Line 26, 
later.
You must file Form 1099-NEC to re-
port contract labor payments of $600 or 
more during the year. See the Instruc-
tions 
for 
Forms 
1099-MISC 
and 
1099-NEC for details.
Line 12
Enter your deduction for depletion on 
this line. If you have timber depletion, 
attach Form T (Timber). See chapter 9 
of Pub. 535 for details.
Line 13
Depreciation and section 179 expense 
deduction. Depreciation is the annual 
deduction allowed to recover the cost or 
other basis of business or investment 
property having a useful life substantial-
ly beyond the tax year. You can also de-
preciate improvements made to leased 
business property. However, stock in 
trade, inventories, and land are not de-
preciable. Depreciation starts when you 
first use the property in your business or 
for the production of income. It ends 
when you take the property out of serv-
ice, deduct all your depreciable cost or 
other basis, or no longer use the property 
in your business or for the production of 
income. You can also elect under sec-
tion 179 to expense part or all of the cost 
of certain property you bought in 2022 
for use in your business. See the Instruc-
tions for Form 4562 and Pub. 946 to fig-
ure the amount to enter on line 13.
When to attach Form 4562. You must 
complete and attach Form 4562 only if 
you are claiming:
• Depreciation on property placed in 
service during 2022;
• Depreciation on listed property 
(defined later), regardless of the date it 
was placed in service; or
• A section 179 expense deduction.
If you acquired depreciable property 
for the first time in 2022, see Pub. 946.
Listed property. Listed property gener-
ally includes but is not limited to:
• Passenger automobiles weighing 
6,000 pounds or less;
• Any other property used for trans-
portation if the nature of the property 
lends itself to personal use, such as mo-
torcycles, pickup trucks, etc.; and
• Any property used for entertain-
ment or recreational purposes (such as 
photographic, phonographic, communi-
cation, and video recording equipment).
Exception. Listed property does not 
include 
photographic, 
phonographic, 
communication, or video equipment 
used exclusively in your trade or busi-
ness or at your regular business estab-
lishment. For purposes of this exception, 
a portion of your home is treated as a 
regular business establishment only if 
that portion meets the requirements un-
der section 280A(c)(1) for deducting ex-
penses for the business use of your 
home.
Recapture. See Line 6, earlier, if the 
business use percentage of any listed 
property dropped to 50% or less in 2022.
Line 14
Deduct contributions to employee bene-
fit programs that are not an incidental 
part of a pension or profit-sharing plan 
included on line 19. Examples are acci-
dent and health plans, group-term life 
insurance, and dependent care assistance 
programs. If you made contributions on 
your behalf as a self-employed person to 
a dependent care assistance program, 
complete Form 2441, Parts I and III, to 
figure your deductible contributions to 
that program.
You cannot deduct contributions you 
made on your behalf as a self-employed 
person for group-term life insurance.
C-7
Do not include on line 14 any contri-
butions you made on your behalf as a 
self-employed person to an accident and 
health plan. However, you may be able 
to deduct on Schedule 1 (Form 1040), 
line 17, the amount you paid for health 
insurance on behalf of yourself, your 
spouse, and dependents, even if you do 
not itemize your deductions. See the in-
structions for Schedule 1 (Form 1040), 
line 17, for details.
You must reduce your line 14 deduc-
tion by the amount of any credit for 
small employer health insurance premi-
ums determined on Form 8941. See 
Form 8941 and its instructions to deter-
mine which expenses are eligible for the 
credit.
Line 15
Deduct premiums paid for business in-
surance on line 15. Deduct on line 14 
amounts paid for employee accident and 
health insurance. Do not deduct amounts 
credited to a reserve for self-insurance 
or premiums paid for a policy that pays 
for your lost earnings due to sickness or 
disability. For details, see chapter 6 of 
Pub. 535.
Lines 16a and 16b
Interest allocation rules. The tax treat-
ment of interest expense differs depend-
ing on its type. For example, home 
mortgage interest and investment inter-
est are treated differently. “Interest allo-
cation” rules require you to allocate 
(classify) your interest expense so it is 
deducted (or capitalized) on the correct 
line of your return and receives the right 
tax treatment. These rules could affect 
how much interest you are allowed to 
deduct on Schedule C.
Generally, you allocate interest ex-
pense by tracing how the proceeds of the 
loan were used. See chapter 4 of Pub. 
535 for details.
Limitation on business interest.  You 
must file Form 8990 to deduct any inter-
est expenses of this trade or business un-
less you are a small business taxpayer 
(defined under Part III) or meet one of 
the other filing exceptions listed in the 
Instructions for Form 8990.
If you must file Form 8990, figure 
the limit on your business interest ex-
penses on Form 8990 before completing 
lines 16a and 16b. Follow the instruc-
tions under How to report, later, but re-
port the reduced interest on lines 16a 
and 16b. The interest you can't deduct 
this year will carry forward to next year 
on Form 8990.
If you are a small business taxpayer 
or meet one of the other filing excep-
tions for Form 8990, follow the instruc-
tions under How to report, later, and re-
port all of your deductible interest on 
lines 16a and 16b.
How to report. If you have a mortgage 
on real property used in your business, 
enter on line 16a the interest you paid 
for 2022 to banks or other financial in-
stitutions for which you received a Form 
1098 (or similar statement). If you did 
not receive a Form 1098, enter the inter-
est on line 16b.
If you paid more mortgage interest 
than is shown on Form 1098, see chap-
ter 4 of Pub. 535 to find out if you can 
deduct the additional interest. If you can, 
include the amount on line 16a. Attach a 
statement to your return explaining the 
difference and enter “See attached” in 
the margin next to line 16a.
If you and at least one other person 
(other than your spouse if you file a joint 
return) were liable for and paid interest 
on the mortgage and the other person re-
ceived the Form 1098, include your 
share of the interest on line 16b. Attach 
a statement to your return showing the 
name and address of the person who re-
ceived the Form 1098. In the margin 
next to line 16b, enter “See attached.”
If you paid interest in 2022 that also 
applies to future years, deduct only the 
part that applies to 2022.
Line 17
Include on this line fees charged by ac-
countants and attorneys that are ordinary 
and necessary expenses directly related 
to operating your business.
Include fees for tax advice related to 
your business and for preparation of the 
tax forms related to your business. Also, 
include expenses incurred in resolving 
asserted tax deficiencies related to your 
business.
For more information, see Pub. 334 
or 535.
Line 18
Include on this line your expenses for
office supplies and postage.
Line 19
Enter your deduction for the contribu-
tions you made for the benefit of your 
employees to a pension, profit-sharing, 
or annuity plan (including SEP, SIM-
PLE, and SARSEP plans described in 
Pub. 560). If the plan included you as a 
self-employed person, enter the contri-
butions made as an employer on your 
behalf on Schedule 1 (Form 1040), 
line 16, not on Schedule C.
This deduction may be subject to lim-
itations. For more information on poten-
tial limitations, see Pub. 560.
In most cases, you must file the ap-
plicable form listed below if you main-
tain a pension, profit-sharing, or other 
funded-deferred compensation plan. The 
filing requirement is not affected by 
whether or not the plan qualified under 
the Internal Revenue Code, or whether 
or not you claim a deduction for the cur-
rent tax year. There is a penalty for fail-
ure to timely file these forms.
Form 5500-EZ. File this form if you 
have a one-participant retirement plan 
that meets certain requirements. A 
one-participant plan is a plan that covers 
only you (or you and your spouse).
Form 5500-SF. File this form electron-
ically with the Department of Labor (at 
efast.dol.gov) if you have a small plan 
(fewer than 100 participants in most ca-
ses) that meets certain requirements.
Form 5500. File this form electronical-
ly with the Department of Labor (at 
efast.dol.gov) for a plan that does not 
meet the requirements for filing Form 
5500-EZ or Form 5500-SF.
For details, see Pub. 560.
Lines 20a and 20b
If you rented or leased vehicles, machi-
nery, or equipment, enter on line 20a the 
business portion of your rental cost. But 
if you leased a vehicle for a term of 30 
days or more, you may have to reduce 
your deduction by an amount called the 
inclusion amount. See Leasing a Car in 
chapter 4 of Pub. 463 to figure this 
amount.
C-8
Enter on line 20b amounts paid to 
rent or lease other property, such as of-
fice space in a building.
Line 21
Deduct the cost of incidental repairs and 
maintenance that do not add to the prop-
erty's value or appreciably prolong its 
life. Do not deduct the value of your 
own labor. Do not deduct amounts spent 
to restore or replace property; they must 
be capitalized.
Line 22
In most cases, you can deduct the cost of 
materials and supplies only to the extent 
you actually consumed and used them in 
your business during the tax year (unless 
you deducted them in a prior tax year). 
However, if you had incidental materials 
and supplies on hand for which you kept 
no inventories or records of use, you can 
deduct the cost of those you actually 
purchased during the tax year, provided 
that method clearly reflects income.
You can also deduct the cost of 
books, professional instruments, equip-
ment, etc., if you normally use them 
within a year. However, if their useful-
ness extends substantially beyond a 
year, you must generally recover their 
costs through depreciation.
Line 23
You can deduct the following taxes and 
licenses on this line.
• State and local sales taxes imposed 
on you as the seller of goods or services. 
If you collected this tax from the buyer, 
you must also include the amount col-
lected in gross receipts or sales on 
line 1.
• Real estate and personal property 
taxes on business assets.
• Licenses and regulatory fees for 
your trade or business paid each year to 
state or local governments. But some li-
censes, such as liquor licenses, may 
have to be amortized. See chapter 8 of 
Pub. 535 for details.
• Social security and Medicare taxes 
paid to match required withholding from 
your employees’ wages. Reduce your 
deduction by the amount shown on 
Form 8846, line 4.
• Federal unemployment tax paid.
• Federal highway use tax.
• Contributions to a state unemploy-
ment insurance fund or disability benefit 
fund if they are considered taxes under 
state law.
Do not deduct the following.
• Federal income taxes, including 
your self-employment tax. However, 
you can deduct one-half of your self-em-
ployment tax on Schedule 1 (Form 
1040), line 15 (but if filing Form 
1040-NR, then only when covered under 
the U.S. social security system due to an 
international social security agreement).
• Estate and gift taxes.
• Taxes assessed to pay for improve-
ments, such as paving and sewers.
• Taxes on your home or personal 
use property.
• State and local sales taxes on prop-
erty purchased for use in your business. 
Instead, treat these taxes as part of the 
cost of the property.
• State and local sales taxes imposed 
on the buyer that you were required to 
collect and pay over to state or local 
governments. These taxes are not inclu-
ded in gross receipts or sales nor are 
they a deductible expense. However, if 
the state or local government allowed 
you to retain any part of the sales tax 
you collected, you must include that 
amount as income on line 6.
• Other taxes and license fees not re-
lated to your business.
Do not reduce your deduction 
for social security and Medi-
care taxes by the nonrefunda-
ble and refundable portions of the credit 
for sick and family leave wages that you 
claimed on Form 944 or Form(s) 941. 
Instead, you must report your credit for 
qualified sick and family leave wages as 
income on line 6.
Line 24a
Enter your expenses for lodging and 
transportation connected with overnight 
travel for business while away from 
your tax home. In most cases, your tax 
home is your main place of business, re-
gardless of where you maintain your 
family home. You cannot deduct expen-
ses paid or incurred in connection with 
employment away from home if that pe-
riod of employment exceeds 1 year. Al-
so, you cannot deduct travel expenses 
for your spouse, your dependent, or any 
other individual unless that person is 
CAUTION
!
your employee, the travel is for a bona 
fide business purpose, and the expenses 
would otherwise be deductible by that 
person.
Do not include expenses for meals on 
this line. Instead, see Line 24b, later. Do 
not include entertainment expenses on 
this line.
Instead of keeping records of your 
actual incidental expenses, you can use 
an optional method for deducting inci-
dental expenses only if you did not pay 
or incur meal expenses on a day you 
were traveling away from your tax 
home. The amount of the deduction is 
$5 a day. Incidental expenses include 
fees and tips given to porters, baggage 
carriers, bellhops, hotel maids, stewards 
or stewardesses and others on ships, and 
hotel servants in foreign countries. They 
do not include expenses for laundry, 
cleaning and pressing of clothing, lodg-
ing taxes, or the costs of telegrams or 
telephone calls. You cannot use this 
method on any day that you use the 
standard meal allowance (as explained 
under Line 24b, later).
You cannot deduct expenses for at-
tending a convention, seminar, or simi-
lar meeting held outside the North 
American area unless the meeting is di-
rectly related to your trade or business 
and it is as reasonable for the meeting to 
be held outside the North American area 
as within it. These rules apply to both 
employers and employees. Other rules 
apply to luxury water travel.
For details on travel expenses, see 
chapter 1 of Pub. 463.
Line 24b
Enter your deductible business meal ex-
penses. This includes expenses for meals 
while traveling away from home for 
business. Your deductible business meal 
expenses are a percentage of your actual 
business meal expenses or standard meal 
allowance. See Amount of deduction, 
later, for the percentage that applies to 
your actual meal expenses or standard 
meal allowance. In most cases, the per-
centage is 50%. However, business 
meals are 100% deductible if the meals 
are food or beverages provided by a res-
taurant and paid or incurred after De-
cember 31, 2020, and before January 1, 
2023.
C-9
Do not include entertainment expen-
ses on this line.
Business meal expenses.  You can de-
duct all or a percentage of the actual cost 
of a meal if the following conditions are 
met.
• The meal expense was an ordinary 
and necessary expense in carrying on 
your trade or business.
• The expense was not lavish or ex-
travagant under the circumstances.
• You or your employee was present 
at the meal.
• The meal was provided to a cur-
rent or potential business customer, cli-
ent, consultant, or similar business con-
tact.
• In the case of food or beverages 
provided during or at an entertainment 
event, the food and beverages were pur-
chased separately from the entertain-
ment, or the cost of the food and bever-
ages was stated separately from the cost 
of the entertainment on one or more 
bills, invoices, or receipts.
You cannot avoid the entertain-
ment disallowance rule by in-
flating the amount charged for 
food and beverages.
See Notice 2021-25 for examples and 
more information. Notice 2021-25 is 
available 
at 
IRS.gov/irb/
2021-17_IRB#NOT-2021-17.
Standard meal allowance. Instead of 
deducting the actual cost of your meals 
while traveling away from home, you 
can use the standard meal allowance for 
your daily meals and incidental expen-
ses. Under this method, you deduct a 
specified amount, depending on where 
you travel, instead of keeping records of 
your actual meal expenses. However, 
you must still keep records to prove the 
time, place, and business purpose of 
your travel.
The standard meal allowance is the 
federal meals and incidental expenses 
(M&IE) rate. You can find these rates 
for locations inside and outside the con-
tinental United States by going to the 
General Services Administration's web-
site at GSA.gov/travel/plan-book/per-
diem-rates/mie-breakdown.
See chapter 2 of Pub. 463 for details 
on how to figure your deduction using 
the standard meal allowance, including 
special rules for partial days of travel. 
For special per diem rates and rules of 
CAUTION
!
high cost locales, see IRS.gov/irb/
2021-52_IRB#NOT-2021-52.
Amount of deduction. Business meals 
are 100% deductible if the meals are 
food or beverages provided by a restau-
rant and paid or incurred after December 
31, 2020, and before January 1, 2023. In 
most cases, for other business meals, 
you can deduct only 50% of your busi-
ness meal expenses, including meals in-
curred while away from home on busi-
ness. However, for individuals subject to 
the Department of Transportation (DOT) 
hours of service limits, the percentage 
for other business meals is increased 
from 50% to 80% for business meals 
consumed during, or incident to, any pe-
riod of duty for which those limits are in 
effect. Individuals subject to the DOT 
hours of service limits include the fol-
lowing.
• Certain air transportation workers 
(such as pilots, crew, dispatchers, me-
chanics, and control tower operators) 
who are under Federal Aviation Admin-
istration regulations.
• Interstate truck operators who are 
under DOT regulations.
• Certain merchant mariners who are 
under Coast Guard regulations.
However, you can fully deduct meals 
and incidentals furnished or reimbursed 
to an employee if you properly treat the 
expense as wages subject to withhold-
ing. You can also fully deduct meals and 
incidentals provided to a nonemployee 
to the extent the expenses are includible 
in the gross income of that person and 
reported on Form 1099-NEC. See Pub. 
535 for details and other exceptions.
Daycare providers. If you qualify as a 
family daycare provider, you can use the 
standard meal and snack rates, instead of 
actual costs, to figure the deductible cost 
of meals and snacks provided to eligible 
children. See Pub. 587 for details, in-
cluding recordkeeping requirements.
Line 25
Deduct utility expenses only for your 
trade or business.
Local telephone service. If you used 
your home phone for business, do not 
deduct the base rate (including taxes) of 
the first phone line into your residence. 
But you can deduct any additional costs 
you incurred for business that are more 
than the base rate of the first phone line. 
For example, if you had a second line, 
you can deduct the business percentage 
of the charges for that line, including the 
base rate charges.
Line 26
Enter the total salaries and wages for the 
tax year reduced by the amount of the 
following credit(s), if applicable.
• Work Opportunity Credit (Form 
5884).
• Employee Retention Credit for 
Employers Affected by Qualified Disas-
ters (Form 5884-A).
• Empowerment Zone Employment 
Credit (Form 8844).
• Indian Employment Credit (Form 
8845).
• Credit for Employer Differential 
Wage Payments (Form 8932).
• Employer Credit for Paid Family 
and Medical Leave (Form 8994).
Do not reduce your deduction for any 
portion of a credit that was passed 
through to you from a pass-through enti-
ty. See the instructions for the credit 
form for more information.
Do not include salaries and wages de-
ducted elsewhere on your return or 
amounts paid to yourself.
If you provided taxable fringe 
benefits to your employees, 
such as personal use of a car, 
do not deduct as wages the amount ap-
plicable to depreciation and other ex-
penses claimed elsewhere.
In most cases, you are required to file 
Form W-2 for each employee. See the 
General Instructions for Forms W-2 and 
W-3.
Line 30
Business use of your home. You may 
be able to deduct certain expenses for 
business use of your home, subject to 
limitations. To claim a deduction for 
business use of your home, you can use 
Form 8829 or you can elect to determine 
the amount of the deduction using a sim-
plified method.
If you have a business use of another 
home, you can’t use the simplified 
method for that home. You can use the 
Form 8829 to claim expenses for busi-
ness use of the other home.
CAUTION
!
C-10
For additional information about 
claiming this deduction, see Pub. 587.
If you are not using the simpli-
fied method to determine the 
amount of expenses you may 
deduct for business use of a home, do 
not complete the additional entry spaces 
on line 30 for total square footage of 
your home and of the part of the home 
used for business. Just include the 
amount from line 36 of your Form 8829 
on line 30.
Simplified 
method. The 
simplified 
method is an alternative to the calcula-
tion, allocation, and substantiation of ac-
tual expenses. In most cases, you will 
figure your deduction by multiplying the 
area (measured in square feet) used reg-
ularly and exclusively for business, reg-
ularly for daycare, or regularly for stor-
age of inventory or product samples, by 
$5. The area you use to figure your de-
duction cannot exceed 300 square feet. 
You cannot use the simplified method to 
figure a deduction for rental use of your 
home.
Electing to use the simplified meth-
od. You choose whether or not to use 
the simplified method each tax year. 
Make the election by using the simpli-
fied method to figure the deduction for 
the qualified business use of a home on 
a timely filed, original federal income 
tax return for that year. An election for a 
year, once made, is irrevocable. A 
change from using the simplified meth-
od in one year to actual expenses in a 
succeeding year, or vice versa, is not a 
change in method of accounting and 
does not require the consent of the Com-
missioner.
If you share your home with someone 
else who uses the home for a separate 
business that qualifies for this deduction, 
each of you may make your own elec-
tion, but not for the same portion of the 
home.
If you conduct more than one busi-
ness that qualifies for this deduction in 
your home, your election to use the sim-
plified method applies to all your quali-
fied business uses of your home. You 
are limited to a maximum of 300 square 
feet for all of the businesses you conduct 
in your home that qualify for this deduc-
tion. Allocate the actual square footage 
used (up to the maximum 300 square 
feet) among your qualified business uses 
TIP
in any reasonable manner you choose, 
but you may not allocate more square 
feet to a qualified business use than you 
actually use in that business.
If you used your home for more 
than one business, you will 
need to file a separate Sched-
ule C for each business. Do not combine 
your deductions for each business use 
on a single Schedule C.
Business use of more than one 
home. You may have used more than 
one home in your business. If you used 
more than one home for the same busi-
ness during 2022, you may elect to use 
the simplified method for only one 
home; you must file a Form 8829 to 
claim a business use of the home deduc-
tion for any additional home. If one or 
more of the homes were not used for the 
entire year (for example, you moved 
during the year), see Part-year use or 
area changes (for simplified method on-
ly), later, and Columns (a) and (b) in the 
Instructions for Form 8829.
Other requirements must still be 
met. You must still meet all the use re-
quirements to claim a deduction for 
business use of the home. The simplified 
method is only an alternative to the cal-
culation, allocation, and substantiation 
of actual expenses. The simplified meth-
od is not an alternative to the exclusivity 
and other tests that must be met in order 
to qualify for this deduction. For more 
information about qualifying business 
uses, see Qualifying for a Deduction in 
Pub. 587.
Gross 
income 
limitation. The 
amount of your deduction is still limited 
to the gross income derived from quali-
fied business use of the home reduced 
by the business deductions that are not 
related to your use of the home. If this 
limitation reduces the amount of your 
deduction, you cannot carry over the dif-
ference to another tax year.
Carryover of actual expenses from 
Form 8829. If you used Form 8829 in a 
prior year, and you had actual expenses 
that you could carry over to the next 
year, you cannot claim those expenses if 
you are using the simplified method. In-
stead, the actual expenses from Form 
8829 that were not allowed will be car-
ried over to the next year that you use 
CAUTION
!
actual expenses to figure your deduc-
tion.
Depreciation of home. You cannot 
deduct any depreciation (including any 
additional first-year depreciation) or sec-
tion 179 expense for the portion of your 
home that is used in a qualified business 
use if you figure the deduction for the 
business use of your home using the 
simplified method. The depreciation de-
duction allowable for that portion of the 
home for that year is deemed to be zero.
Although you cannot deduct 
any depreciation or section 179 
expense for the portion of your 
home that is a qualified business use be-
cause you elect to use the simplified 
method, you may still claim depreciation 
or the section 179 expense deduction on 
other assets (for example, furniture and 
equipment) used in the qualified busi-
ness use of your home.
Figuring your allowable expenses for 
business use of the home. You will 
figure the deduction using Form 8829 or 
the Simplified Method Worksheet, or 
both.
You may not use the simplified 
method and also file Form 
8829 for the same qualified 
business use of the same home.
Using Form 8829. Use Form 8829 
to figure and claim this deduction for a 
home if you are not or cannot use the 
simplified method for that home. For in-
formation about claiming this deduction 
using Form 8829, see the Instructions 
for Form 8829 and Pub. 587.
Using the simplified method. Use 
the Simplified Method Worksheet in 
these instructions to figure your deduc-
tion for a qualified business use of your 
home if you are electing to use the sim-
plified method for that home.
Shared use (for simplified method 
only). If you share your home with 
someone else who uses the home for a 
separate business that also qualifies for 
this deduction, you may not include the 
same square feet to figure your deduc-
tion as the other person. You must allo-
cate the shared space between you and 
the other person in a reasonable manner.
Example. Kristen and Lindsey are 
roommates. Kristen uses 300 square feet 
TIP
CAUTION
!
C-11
Simplified Method Worksheet
Keep for Your Records
1.
Enter the amount of the gross income limitation. See the Instructions for the Simplified Method Worksheet . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.
 
2.
Allowable square footage for the qualified business use. Do not enter more than 300 square feet. See the Instructions for the 
Simplified Method Worksheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.
 
3.
Simplified method amount
a.
Maximum allowable amount . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3a.
$5
b.
For daycare facilities not used exclusively for business, enter the decimal amount from the Daycare Facility Worksheet; 
otherwise, enter 1.0
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3b.
 
c.
Multiply line 3a by line 3b and enter the result to 2 decimal places . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3c.
 
4.
Multiply line 2 by line 3c
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
4.
 
5.
Allowable expenses using the simplified method. Enter the smaller of line 1 or line 4 here and include that amount on 
Schedule C, line 30. If zero or less, enter -0-
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
5.
 
6.
Carryover of unallowed expenses from a prior year that are not allowed in 2021.
a.
Operating expenses. Enter the amount from your last Form 8829, line 43 (line 42 if before 2018). See the Instructions for 
the Simplified Method Worksheet
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6a.
 
b.
Excess casualty losses and depreciation. Enter the amount from your last Form 8829, line 44 (line 43 if before 2018). See 
the Instructions for the Simplified Method Worksheet
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
6b.
 
Instructions for the Simplified Method Worksheet
Use this worksheet to figure the amount of expenses you may deduct for a qualified business use of a home if you are electing to use the simplified method for 
that home. If you are not electing to use the simplified method, use Form 8829.
Line 1. If all gross income from your trade or business is from this qualified business use of your home, figure your gross income limitation as follows.
A.
Enter the amount from Schedule C, line 29
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
B.
Enter any gain derived from the business use of your home and shown on Form 8949 (and included on Schedule D) or Form 
4797
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
C.
Add lines A and B . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
D. 
Enter the total amount of any losses (as a positive number) shown on Form 8949 (and included on Schedule D) or Form 4797 that are 
allocable to the business, but not allocable to the business use of the home
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
E.
Gross income limitation. Subtract line D from line C. Enter the result here and on line 1 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
If some of the income is from a place of business other than your home, you must first determine the part of your gross income (Schedule C, line 7, and gains 
from Form 8949, Schedule D, and Form 4797) from the business use of your home. In making this determination, consider the amount of time you spent at each 
location as well as other facts. After determining the part of your gross income from the business use of your home, subtract from that amount the total expenses 
shown on Schedule C, line 28, plus any losses shown on Form 8949 (and included on Schedule D) or Form 4797 that are allocable to the business in which you 
use your home but that are not allocable to the business use of the home. Enter the result on line 1.
Note: If you had more than one home in which you conducted this business during the year, include only the income earned and the deductions attributable to 
that income during the period you owned the home for which you elected to use the simplified method.
Line 2. If you used the same area for the entire year, enter the smaller of the square feet you actually used or 300. If you and your spouse conducted the business 
as a qualified joint venture, split the square feet between you and your spouse in the same manner you split your other tax attributes. If you shared space with 
someone else, used the home for business for only part of the year, or the area you used changed during the year, see Figuring your allowable expenses for 
business use of the home, before entering an amount on this line. Do not enter more than 300 square feet or, if applicable, the average monthly allowable square 
footage on this line. See Part-year use or area changes (for simplified method only), earlier, for more information on how to figure your average monthly 
allowable square footage. 
Line 3b. If your qualified business use is providing daycare, you may need to account for the time that you used the same part of your home for other purposes. 
If you used the part of your home exclusively and regularly for providing daycare, enter 1.0 on line 3b. If you did not use the part of your home exclusively for 
providing daycare, complete the Daycare Facility Worksheet to figure what number to enter on line 3b. 
Line 6. Because you are using the simplified method this year, you cannot deduct the amounts you entered on lines 6a and 6b this year. If you file Form 8829 
next year for your qualified business use of this home, you will be able to include these expenses when you figure your deduction. 
6a.
If you did not file a 2022 Form 8829, then your carryover of prior year operating expenses is the amount of operating expenses shown 
in Part IV of the last Form 8829, if any, that you filed to claim a deduction for business use of the home.
6b.
If you did not file a 2022 Form 8829, then your carryover of prior year excess casualty losses and depreciation is the amount of excess 
casualty losses and depreciation shown in Part IV of the last Form 8829, if any, that you filed to claim a deduction for business use of 
the home.
C-12
of their home for a qualified business 
use. Lindsey uses 200 square feet of 
their home for a separate qualified busi-
ness use. The qualified business uses 
share 100 square feet. In addition to the 
portion that they do not share, Kristen 
and Lindsey can both claim 50 of the 
100 square feet or divide the 100 square 
feet between them in any reasonable 
manner. If divided evenly, Kristen could 
claim 250 square feet using the simpli-
fied method and Lindsey could claim 
150 square feet.
Part-year use or area changes (for 
simplified method only). If your quali-
fied business use was for a portion of the 
tax year (for example, a seasonal busi-
ness, a business that begins during the 
year, or you moved during the year) or 
you changed the square footage of your 
qualified business use, your deduction is 
limited to the average monthly allowa-
ble square footage. You figure the aver-
age monthly allowable square footage 
by adding the amount of allowable 
square feet you used in each month and 
dividing the sum by 12.
When 
determining 
the 
average 
monthly allowable square footage, you 
cannot take more than 300 square feet 
into account for any one month. Addi-
tionally, if your qualified business use 
was less than 15 days in a month, you 
must use -0- for that month.
Example 1. Andy files his federal in-
come tax return on a calendar year basis. 
On July 20, he began using 400 square 
feet of his home for a qualified business 
use. He continued to use the 400 square 
feet until the end of the year. Andy's 
average monthly allowable square foot-
age is 125 square feet (300 square feet 
for August through December divided 
by the number of months in the year ((0 
+ 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 300 + 300 + 
300 + 300 + 300)/12)).
Example 2. Roland files his federal 
income tax return on a calendar year ba-
sis. On April 20, he began using 100 
square feet of his home for a qualified 
business use. On August 5, he expanded 
the area of his qualified business use to 
350 square feet. Roland continued to use 
the 350 square feet until the end of the 
year. Roland's average monthly allowa-
ble square footage is 150 square feet 
(100 square feet for May through July 
and 300 square feet for August through 
December divided by the number of 
months in the year ((0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 100 
+ 100 +100 + 300 + 300 + 300 + 300 + 
300)/12)).
Example 3. Donna files her federal 
income tax return on a calendar year ba-
sis. From January 1 through July 16, she 
used 300 square feet of her home for a 
qualified business use. On July 17, Don-
na moved to a new home and immedi-
ately began using 200 square feet of the 
new home for the same qualified busi-
ness use. While preparing her tax return, 
Donna used the simplified method to de-
duct expenses for the qualified business 
use of her old home. Donna's average 
monthly allowable square footage is 175 
square feet (300 square feet for January 
through July divided by the number of 
months in the year ((300 + 300 + 300 + 
300 + 300 + 300 + 300 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 0 + 
0)/12)). Donna also prepared Form 8829 
to deduct the actual expenses associated 
with the qualified business use of her 
new home.
Once you have determined your al-
lowable square footage, enter the result 
on line 2 of the Simplified Method 
Worksheet.
If you moved during the year, 
your average allowable square 
footage will generally be less 
than 300.
You can use the Area Adjust-
ment Worksheet in Pub. 587 to 
help you determine the allowa-
ble square footage to enter on line 2 of 
the Simplified Method Worksheet.
Reporting your expenses for business 
use of the home. If you did not use the 
simplified method, include the amount 
CAUTION
!
TIP
Daycare Facility Worksheet (for simplified method)
Keep for Your Records
1. Multiply days used for daycare during the year by hours used per day
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1.
 
2. Total hours available for use during the year. See the Instructions for the Daycare Facility Worksheet
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
2.
 
3. Divide line 1 by line 2. Enter the result as a decimal amount here and on line 3b of the Simplified Method 
Worksheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
3.
 
Instructions for the Daycare Facility Worksheet
Use this worksheet to figure the percentage to use on line 3b of the Simplified Method Worksheet. If you do not use the area of your home exclusively for daycare, you 
must reduce the prescribed rate before figuring your deduction using the simplified method.
TIP
If you used at least 300 square feet for daycare regularly and exclusively during the year, then you do not need to complete this worksheet. This worksheet is 
only needed if you did not use the allowable area exclusively for daycare.
Line 1. Enter the total number of hours the facility was used for daycare during the year.
Example. Your home is used Monday through Friday for 12 hours per day for 250 days during the year. It is also used on 50 Saturdays for 8 hours a day. Enter 3,400 hours 
on line 4 (3,000 hours for weekdays plus 400 hours for Saturdays).
Line 2. If you used your home for daycare during the entire year, multiply 365 days (366 for a leap year) by 24 hours, and enter the result. 
If you started or stopped using your home for daycare during the year, you must prorate the number of hours based on the number of days the home was available for 
daycare. Multiply 24 hours by the number of days available and enter that result.
C-13
from line 36 of Form 8829 on line 30 of 
the Schedule C you are filing for that 
business.
If you used the simplified method. If 
you elect to use the simplified method 
for the business use of a home, complete 
the additional entry spaces on line 30 for 
that home only. Include the amount 
from line 5 of the Simplified Method 
Worksheet on line 30.
If you itemize your deductions on 
Schedule A, you may deduct your mort-
gage interest, real estate taxes, and casu-
alty losses on Schedule A as if you did 
not use your home for business. You 
cannot deduct any excess mortgage in-
terest, excess real estate taxes, or excess 
casualty losses on Schedule C for this 
home.
Use Part II of Schedule C to deduct 
business expenses that are unrelated to 
the qualified business use of the home 
(for example, expenses for advertising, 
wages, or supplies, or depreciation of 
equipment or furniture).
Deduction 
figured 
on 
multiple 
forms. If you used more than one home 
for a business during the year, you may 
use a Form 8829 for each home or you 
may use the simplified method for one 
home and Form 8829 for any other 
home. Combine the amount you figured 
using the simplified method and the 
amounts you figured on your Forms 
8829, and then enter the total on line 30 
of the Schedule C you are filing for that 
business.
Line 31
Figuring your net profit or loss. If 
your expenses (including the expenses 
you report on line 30) are more than 
your gross income, do not enter your 
loss on line 31 until you have applied 
the at-risk rules and the passive activity 
loss rules. To apply these rules, follow 
the instructions under Line 32, later, and 
the Instructions for Form 8582. After 
applying those rules, the amount on 
line 31 will be your loss, and it may be 
smaller than the amount you figured by 
subtracting line 30 from line 29.
If your gross income is more than 
your expenses (including the expenses 
you report on line 30), and you do not 
have prior year unallowed passive activ-
ity losses, subtract line 30 from line 29. 
The result is your net profit.
If your gross income is more than 
your expenses (including the expenses 
you report on line 30), and you have pri-
or year unallowed passive activity los-
ses, do not enter your net profit on 
line 31 until you have figured the 
amount of prior year unallowed passive 
activity losses you may claim this year 
for this activity. Use Form 8582 to fig-
ure the amount of prior year unallowed 
passive activity losses you may include 
on line 31. Be sure to indicate that you 
are including prior year passive activity 
losses by entering "PAL" to the left of 
the entry space.
If you checked the "No" box on line 
G, see the Instructions for Form 8582; 
you may need to include information 
from this schedule on that form, even if 
you have a net profit.
Rental real estate activity.  Unless 
you are a qualifying real estate profes-
sional, a rental real estate activity is a 
passive activity, even if you materially 
participated in the activity. If you have a 
loss, you may need to file Form 8582 to 
apply a limitation that may reduce your 
loss. See the Instructions for Form 8582.
Reporting your net profit or loss. 
Once you have figured your net profit or 
loss, report it as follows.
If you enter a loss on line 31, 
you may have an excess busi-
ness loss. Use Form 461 to fig-
ure your excess business loss.
Individuals. Enter your net profit or 
loss on line 31 and include it on Sched-
ule 1 (Form 1040), line 3. Also, include 
your net profit or loss on Schedule SE, 
line 2. However, if you are a statutory 
employee or notary public, see Statutory 
employees or Notary public, later.
Nonresident aliens. Enter your net 
profit or loss on line 31 and include it on 
Schedule 1 (Form 1040), line 3. You 
should also include this amount on 
Schedule SE, line 2, if you are covered 
under the U.S. social security system 
due to an international social security 
agreement currently in effect. See the 
Instructions for Schedule SE for infor-
mation on international social security 
agreements. However, if you are a statu-
CAUTION
!
tory employee or notary public, see Stat-
utory employees or Notary public, later.
Trusts and estates. Enter the net 
profit or loss on line 31 and include it on 
Form 1041, line 3.
Statutory employees. Enter your net 
profit or loss on line 31 and include it on 
Schedule 1 (Form 1040), line 3. Howev-
er, do not report this amount on Sched-
ule SE, line 2. If you were a statutory 
employee and you are required to file 
Schedule SE because of other self-em-
ployment income, see the Instructions 
for Schedule SE.
Notary public. Do not enter your net 
profit from line 31 on Schedule SE, 
line 2, unless you are required to file 
Schedule SE because you have other 
self-employment income. See the In-
structions for Schedule SE.
You can deduct one-half of 
your self-employment tax on 
Schedule 
1 
(Form 
1040), 
line 15. See the Instructions for Sched-
ule SE for details.
Community income. If you and your 
spouse had community income and are 
filing separate returns, see the Instruc-
tions for Schedule SE before figuring 
self-employment tax.
EIC. If you have a net profit on line 31, 
this amount is earned income and may 
qualify you for the EIC.
To figure your EIC, use the in-
structions 
for 
Form 
1040, 
line 27. Complete all applica-
ble steps plus Worksheet B. If you are 
required to file Schedule SE, remember 
to enter one-half of your self-employ-
ment tax in Part 1, line 1d, of Worksheet 
B.
Line 32
You do not need to complete 
line 32 if line 7 is more than the 
total of lines 28 and 30.
At-risk rules. In most cases, if you 
have a business loss and amounts inves-
ted in the business for which you are not 
at risk, you must complete Form 6198 to 
apply a limitation that may reduce your 
loss. The at-risk rules generally limit the 
amount of loss (including loss on the 
disposition of assets) you can claim to 
TIP
CAUTION
!
TIP
C-14
the amount you could actually lose in 
the business.
Check box 32b if you have amounts 
invested in this business for which you 
are not at risk, such as the following.
• Nonrecourse loans used to finance 
the business, to acquire property used in 
the business, or to acquire the business 
that are not secured by your own proper-
ty (other than property used in the busi-
ness). However, there is an exception for 
certain nonrecourse financing borrowed 
by you in connection with holding real 
property.
• Cash, 
property, 
or 
borrowed 
amounts used in the business (or con-
tributed to the business, or used to ac-
quire the business) that are protected 
against loss by a guarantee, stop-loss 
agreement, or other similar arrangement 
(excluding casualty insurance and insur-
ance against tort liability).
• Amounts borrowed for use in the 
business from a person who has an inter-
est in the business, other than as a cred-
itor, or who is related under section 
465(b)(3)(C) to a person (other than 
you) having such an interest.
Figuring your loss. Before determining 
your loss, you must check box 32a or 
32b to indicate whether the loss from 
your business activity is limited by the 
at-risk rules. Follow the instructions, 
next, that apply to your box 32 activity.
All investment is at risk. If all 
amounts are at risk in this business, 
check box 32a. If you answered “Yes” 
on line G, your loss will not be reduced 
by the at-risk rules or the passive activi-
ty loss rules. See Line 31, earlier, for 
how to report your loss.
But if you answered “No” on line G, 
you may need to complete Form 8582 to 
figure your loss to enter on line 31. See 
the Instructions for Form 8582 for de-
tails.
Some investment is not at risk. If 
some investment is not at risk, check 
box 32b; the at-risk rules apply to your 
loss. Be sure to attach Form 6198 to 
your return.
If you answered "Yes" on line G, 
complete Form 6198 to figure the loss to 
enter on line 31. The passive activity 
loss rules do not apply. See Line 31, ear-
lier, for how to report your loss.
But if you answered "No" on line G, 
the passive activity loss rules may apply. 
First, complete Form 6198 to figure the 
amount of your profit or (loss) for the 
at-risk activity, which may include 
amounts reported on other forms and 
schedules, and the at-risk amount for the 
activity. Follow the Instructions for 
Form 6198 to determine how much of 
your Schedule C loss will be allowed. 
After you figure the amount of your loss 
that is allowed under the at-risk rules, 
you may need to complete Form 8582 to 
figure the loss to enter on line 31. See 
the Instructions for Form 8582 for de-
tails.
If you checked box 32b because 
some investment is not at risk 
and you do not attach Form 
6198, the processing of your return may 
be delayed.
At-risk loss deduction. Any loss from 
this business not allowed for 2022 only 
because of the at-risk rules is treated as a 
deduction allocable to the business in 
2023.
More information. For details, see the 
Instructions for Form 6198 and Pub. 
925.
Part III. Cost of 
Goods Sold
In most cases, if you engaged in a trade 
or business in which the production, 
purchase, or sale of merchandise was an 
income-producing factor, you must take 
inventories into account at the beginning 
and end of your tax year.
Exception for small business taxpay-
ers. If you are a small business taxpay-
er, you can choose not to keep an inven-
tory, but you must still use a method of 
accounting for inventory that clearly re-
flects income. If you choose not to keep 
an inventory, you won't be treated as 
failing to clearly reflect income if your 
method of accounting for inventory 
treats inventory as non-incidental mate-
rial or supplies, or conforms to your fi-
nancial accounting treatment of invento-
ries. If, however, you choose to keep an 
inventory, you must generally value the 
inventory each year to determine your 
cost of goods sold in Part III of Sched-
ule C.
CAUTION
!
Small business taxpayer. You quali-
fy as a small business taxpayer if you (a) 
have average annual gross receipts of 
$27 million or less for the 3 prior tax 
years, and (b) are not a tax shelter (as 
defined in section 448(d)(3)).
If your business has not been in exis-
tence for all of the 3-tax-year period 
used in figuring average gross receipts, 
base your average on the period it has 
existed, and if your business has a pred-
ecessor entity, include the gross receipts 
of the predecessor entity from the 
3-tax-year period when figuring average 
gross receipts. If your business (or pred-
ecessor entity) had short tax years for 
any of the 3-tax-year period, annualize 
your business' gross receipts for the 
short tax years that are part of the 
3-tax-year period.
See Pub. 538 for more information.
Treating inventory as non-incidental 
material or supplies.  If you account for 
inventories as materials and supplies 
that are not incidental, you deduct the 
amounts paid to acquire or produce the 
inventoriable items treated as materials 
and supplies in the year in which they 
are first used or consumed in your oper-
ations.
Financial accounting treatment of 
inventories. Your financial accounting 
treatment of inventories is determined 
with regard to the method of accounting 
you use in your applicable financial 
statement (as defined in section 451(b)
(3)) or, if you do not have an applicable 
financial statement, with regard to the 
method of accounting you use in your 
books and records that have been pre-
pared in accordance with your account-
ing procedures.
Changing your method of account-
ing for inventory.  If you want to 
change your method of accounting for 
inventory, you must file Form 3115. For 
details, see Line F, earlier.
More information. For more infor-
mation about this exception, see Pub. 
538.
Certain direct and indirect ex-
penses may have to be capital-
ized or included in inventory. 
See Part II, earlier. See Pub. 538 for ad-
ditional information.
CAUTION
!
C-15
Line 33
Your inventories can be valued at cost, 
the lower of cost or market, or any other 
method approved by the IRS.
Line 35
If you are changing your method of ac-
counting beginning with 2022, refigure 
last year's closing inventory using your 
new method of accounting and enter the 
result on line 35. If there is a difference 
between last year's closing inventory 
and the refigured amount, attach an ex-
planation and take it into account when 
figuring your section 481(a) adjustment. 
For details, see the example under Line 
F, earlier.
Part IV. Information 
on Your Vehicle
Line 44b
In most cases, commuting is travel be-
tween your home and a work location. If 
you converted your vehicle during the 
year from personal to business use (or 
vice versa), enter your commuting miles 
only for the period you drove your vehi-
cle for business.
Travel that meets any of the follow-
ing conditions isn't commuting.
• You have at least one regular work 
location away from your home and the 
travel is to a temporary work location in 
the same trade or business, regardless of 
the distance. Generally, a temporary 
work location is one where your 
employment is expected to last 1 year or 
less. See Pub. 463 for more details.
• The travel is to a temporary work 
location outside the metropolitan area 
where you live and normally work.
• Your home is your principal place 
of business under section 280A(c)(1)(A) 
(for purposes of deducting expenses for 
business use of your home) and the 
travel is to another work location in the 
same trade or business, regardless of 
whether that location is regular or 
temporary and regardless of distance.
Line 47
Specific recordkeeping rules apply to 
car or truck expenses. For more infor-
mation about what records you must 
keep, see Pub. 463.
You may maintain written evidence 
by using an electronic storage system 
that meets certain requirements. For 
more information about electronic stor-
age systems, see Pub. 583.
Part V. Other 
Expenses
Include all ordinary and necessary busi-
ness expenses not deducted elsewhere 
on Schedule C. List the type and amount 
of each expense separately in the space 
provided. Enter the total on lines 48 and 
27a. Do not include the cost of business 
equipment or furniture; replacements or 
permanent improvements to property; or 
personal, living, and family expenses. 
Do not include charitable contributions. 
Also, you cannot deduct fines or penal-
ties paid to a government for violating 
any law. For details on business expen-
ses, see Pub. 535.
Amortization. Include amortization in 
this part. For amortization that begins in 
2022, you must complete and attach 
Form 4562.
You can amortize such costs as:
• The cost of pollution-control fa-
cilities;
• Amounts paid for research and ex-
perimentation;
• Amounts paid to acquire, protect, 
expand, register, or defend trademarks 
or trade names; or
• Goodwill and certain other intangi-
bles.
In most cases, you cannot amortize 
real property construction period interest 
and taxes. Special rules apply for allo-
cating interest to real or personal proper-
ty produced in your trade or business.
For a complete list, see the instruc-
tions for Form 4562, Part VI.
At-risk loss deduction. Any loss from 
this business that was not allowed last 
year because of the at-risk rules is trea-
ted as a deduction allocable to this busi-
ness in 2022.
Bad debts. Include debts and partial 
debts from sales or services that were in-
cluded in income and are definitely 
known to be worthless. If you later col-
lect a debt that you deducted as a bad 
debt, include it as income in the year 
collected. For details, see chapter 10 of 
Pub. 535.
Business startup costs. If your busi-
ness began in 2022, you can elect to de-
duct up to $5,000 of certain business 
startup costs. The $5,000 limit is re-
duced (but not below zero) by the 
amount by which your total startup costs 
exceed $50,000. Your remaining startup 
costs 
can 
be 
amortized 
over 
a 
180-month period, beginning with the 
month the business began.
For details, see chapters 7 and 8 of 
Pub. 535. For amortization that begins in 
2022, you must complete and attach 
Form 4562.
Deduction for removing barriers to 
individuals with disabilities and the 
elderly. You may be able to deduct up 
to $15,000 of costs paid or incurred in 
2022 to remove architectural or trans-
portation barriers to individuals with 
disabilities and the elderly. However, 
you cannot take both a credit (on Form 
8826) and a deduction for the same ex-
penditures.
De minimis safe harbor for tangible 
property. Generally, you must capital-
ize costs to acquire or produce real or 
tangible personal property used in your 
trade or business, such as buildings, 
equipment, or furniture. However, if you 
elect to use the de minimis safe harbor 
for tangible property, you may deduct de 
minimis amounts paid to acquire or pro-
duce certain tangible property if these 
amounts are deducted by you for finan-
cial accounting purposes or in keeping 
your books and records.
If you have an applicable financial 
statement, you may use this safe harbor 
to deduct amounts paid for tangible 
property up to $5,000 per item or in-
voice. If you don't have an applicable fi-
nancial statement, you may use the de 
minimis safe harbor to deduct amounts 
paid for tangible property up to $2,500 
per item or invoice.
Only deduct these amounts as other 
expenses. Don't include these amounts 
on any other line.
For details on making this election 
and requirements for using the de mini-
mis safe harbor for tangible property, 
see chapter 1 of Pub. 535.
Energy efficient commercial buildings 
deduction. You may be able to deduct 
C-16
part or all of the expenses of modifying 
an existing commercial building to make 
it energy efficient. For details, see Form 
7205 and its instructions.
Film and television and live theatrical 
production expenses. You can elect to 
deduct costs of certain qualified film and 
television productions or qualified live 
theatrical productions. For details, see 
chapter 7 of Pub. 535.
Forestation and reforestation costs. 
Reforestation costs are generally capital 
expenditures. However, for each quali-
fied timber property, you can elect to ex-
pense up to $10,000 ($5,000 if married 
filing separately) of qualifying reforesta-
tion costs paid or incurred in 2022.
You can elect to amortize the remain-
ing costs over 84 months. For amortiza-
tion that begins in 2022, you must com-
plete and attach Form 4562.
The amortization election does not 
apply to trusts. For details on reforesta-
tion expenses, see chapters 7 and 8 of 
Pub. 535.
Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We 
ask for the information on Schedule C 
(Form 1040) to carry out the Internal 
Revenue laws of the United States. You 
are required to give us the information. 
We need it to ensure that you are com-
plying with these laws and to allow us to 
figure and collect the right amount of 
tax.
You are not required to provide the 
information requested on a form that is 
subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act 
unless the form displays a valid OMB 
control number. Books or records relat-
ing to a form or its instructions must be 
retained as long as their contents may 
become material in the administration of 
any Internal Revenue law. Generally, 
tax returns and return information are 
confidential, as required by section 
6103.
The time needed to complete and file 
Schedule C (Form 1040) will vary de-
pending on individual circumstances. 
The estimated burden for individual tax-
payers filing this form is included in the 
estimates shown in the instructions for 
their individual income tax return. The 
estimated burden for all other taxpayers 
who file this form is approved under 
OMB control number 1545-1974 and is 
shown next.
Recordkeeping
. . . . . . . . .
3 hr., 36 min.
Learning about the law or the 
form
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1 hr., 19 min.
Preparing the form
. . . . . .
1 hr., 39 min.
Copying, assembling, and sending 
the form to the IRS
. . . . . .
34 min.
If you have comments concerning the 
accuracy of these time estimates or sug-
gestions for making this form simpler, 
we would be happy to hear from you. 
See the instructions for the tax return 
with which this form is filed.
C-17
Principal Business or 
Professional Activity 
Codes
These codes for the Principal Business or Professional 
Activity classify sole proprietorships by the type of 
activity they are engaged in to facilitate the 
administration of the Internal Revenue Code. These 
six-digit codes are based on the North American 
Industry Classification System (NAICS).
Select the category that best describes your 
primary business activity (for example, Real Estate). 
Then select the activity that best identifies the principal 
source of your sales or receipts (for example, real 
estate agent). Now find the six-digit code assigned to 
this activity (for example, 531210, the code for offices 
of real estate agents and brokers) and enter it on 
Schedule C, line B.
Note. If your principal source of income is from 
farming activities, you should file Schedule F.
Accommodation, Food 
Services, & Drinking Places
Accommodation
721310
Rooming & boarding houses, 
dormitories, & workers' camps
721210
RV (recreational vehicle) parks 
& recreational camps
721100
Traveler accommodation 
(including hotels, motels, & bed 
& breakfast inns)
Food Services & Drinking Places
722514
Cafeterias, grill buffets, & 
buffets
722410
Drinking places (alcoholic 
beverages)
722511
Full-service restaurants
722513
Limited-service restaurants
722515
Snack & non-alcoholic beverage 
bars
722300
Special food services (including 
food service contractors & 
caterers)
Administrative & Support and 
Waste Management & 
Remediation Services
Administrative & Support Services
561430
Business service centers 
(including private mail centers 
& copy shops)
561740
Carpet & upholstery cleaning 
services
561440
Collection agencies
561450
Credit bureaus
561410
Document preparation services
561300
Employment services
561710
Exterminating & pest control 
services
561210
Facilities support (management) 
services
561600
Investigation & security services
561720
Janitorial services
561730
Landscaping services
561110
Office administrative services
561420
Telephone call centers 
(including telephone answering 
services & telemarketing 
bureaus)
561500
Travel arrangement & 
reservation services
561490
Other business support services 
(including repossession services, 
court reporting, & stenotype 
services)
561790
Other services to buildings & 
dwellings
561900
Other support services 
(including packaging & labeling 
services, & convention & trade 
show organizers)
Waste Management & Remediation 
Services
562000
Waste management & 
remediation services
Agriculture, Forestry, Hunting, 
& Fishing
112900
Animal production (including 
breeding of cats and dogs)
114110
Fishing
113000
Forestry & logging (including 
forest nurseries & timber tracts)
114210
Hunting & trapping
Support Activities for Agriculture & 
Forestry
115210
Support activities for animal 
production (including farriers)
115110
Support activities for crop 
production (including cotton 
ginning, soil preparation, 
planting, & cultivating)
115310
Support activities for forestry
Arts, Entertainment, & 
Recreation
Amusement, Gambling, & Recreation 
Industries
713100
Amusement parks & arcades
713200
Gambling industries
713900
Other amusement & recreation 
services (including golf courses, 
skiing facilities, marinas, fitness 
centers, bowling centers, skating 
rinks, miniature golf courses)
Museums, Historical Sites, & Similar 
Institutions
712100
Museums, historical sites, & 
similar institutions
Performing Arts, Spectator Sports, & 
Related Industries
711410
Agents & managers for artists, 
athletes, entertainers, & other 
public figures
711510
Independent artists, writers, & 
performers
711100
Performing arts companies
711300
Promoters of performing arts, 
sports, & similar events
711210
Spectator sports (including 
professional sports clubs & 
racetrack operations)
Construction of Buildings
236200
Nonresidential building 
construction
236100
Residential building 
construction
Heavy and Civil Engineering 
Construction
237310
Highway, street, & bridge 
construction
237210
Land subdivision
237100
Utility system construction
237990
Other heavy & civil engineering 
construction
Specialty Trade Contractors
238310
Drywall & insulation 
contractors
238210
Electrical contractors
238350
Finish carpentry contractors
238330
Flooring contractors
238130
Framing carpentry contractors
238150
Glass & glazing contractors
238140
Masonry contractors
238320
Painting & wall covering 
contractors
238220
Plumbing, heating & air-
conditioning contractors
238110
Poured concrete foundation & 
structure contractors
238160
Roofing contractors
238170
Siding contractors
238910
Site preparation contractors
238120
Structural steel & precast 
concrete construction 
contractors
238340
Tile & terrazzo contractors
238290
Other building equipment 
contractors
238390
Other building finishing 
contractors
238190
Other foundation, structure, & 
building exterior contractors
238990
All other specialty trade 
contractors
Educational Services
611000
Educational services (including 
schools, colleges, & 
universities)
Finance & Insurance
Credit Intermediation & Related 
Activities
522100
Depository credit intermediation 
(including commercial banking, 
savings institutions, & credit 
unions)
522200
Nondepository credit 
intermediation (including sales 
financing & consumer lending)
522300
Activities related to credit 
intermediation (including loan 
brokers)
Insurance Agents, Brokers, & Related 
Activities
524210
Insurance agencies & 
brokerages
524290
Other insurance related 
activities
Securities, Commodity Contracts, & 
Other Financial Investments & Related 
Activities
523160
Commodity contracts 
intermediation
523150
Investment banking & securities 
intermediation
523210
Securities & commodity 
exchanges
523900
Other financial investment 
activities (including investment 
advice)
Health Care & Social Assistance
Ambulatory Health Care Services
621610
Home health care services
621510
Medical & diagnostic 
laboratories
621310
Offices of chiropractors
621210
Offices of dentists
621330
Offices of mental health 
practitioners (except physicians)
621320
Offices of optometrists
621340
Offices of physical, 
occupational & speech 
therapists, & audiologists
621111
Offices of physicians (except 
mental health specialists)
621112
Offices of physicians, mental 
health specialists
621391
Offices of podiatrists
621399
Offices of all other 
miscellaneous health 
practitioners
621400
Outpatient care centers
621900
Other ambulatory health care 
services (including ambulance 
services, blood, & organ banks)
Hospitals
622000
Hospitals
Nursing & Residential Care Facilities
623000
Nursing & residential care 
facilities
Social Assistance
624410
Childcare services
624200
Community food & housing, & 
emergency & other relief 
services
624100
Individual & family services
624310
Vocational rehabilitation 
services
Information
Publishing Industries
513000
Publishing industries
Broadcasting & Content Providers & 
Telecommunications
516000
Broadcasting & content 
providers
517000
Telecommunications (including 
Wired, Wireless, Satellite, Cable 
& Other Program Distribution, 
Resellers, Agents, Other 
Telecommunications, & Internet 
service providers)
Data Processing, Web Search Portals, 
& Other Information Services
518210
Computing infrastructure 
providers, data processing, web 
hosting, & related services
519200
Web search portals, libraries, 
archives, & other info. services
Motion Picture & Sound Recording
512100
Motion picture & video 
industries (except video rental)
512200
Sound recording industries
Manufacturing
315000
Apparel mfg.
312000
Beverage & tobacco product 
mfg.
334000
Computer & electronic product 
mfg.
335000
Electrical equipment, appliance, 
& component mfg.
332000
Fabricated metal product mfg.
337000
Furniture & related product mfg.
333000
Machinery mfg.
339110
Medical equipment & supplies 
mfg.
322000
Paper mfg.
324100
Petroleum & coal products mfg.
326000
Plastics & rubber products mfg.
331000
Primary metal mfg.
323100
Printing & related support 
activities
313000
Textile mills
314000
Textile product mills
336000
Transportation equipment mfg.
321000
Wood product mfg.
339900
Other miscellaneous mfg.
Chemical Manufacturing
325100
Basic chemical mfg.
325500
Paint, coating, & adhesive mfg.
C-18
(Continued)
325300
Pesticide, fertilizer, & other 
agricultural chemical mfg.
325410
Pharmaceutical & medicine 
mfg.
325200
Resin, synthetic rubber, & 
artificial & synthetic fibers & 
filaments mfg.
325600
Soap, cleaning compound, & 
toilet preparation mfg.
325900
Other chemical product & 
preparation mfg.
Food Manufacturing
311110
Animal food mfg.
311800
Bakeries, tortilla, & dry pasta 
mfg.
311500
Dairy product mfg.
311400
Fruit & vegetable preserving & 
speciality food mfg.
311200
Grain & oilseed milling
311610
Animal slaughtering & 
processing
311710
Seafood product preparation & 
packaging
311300
Sugar & confectionery product 
mfg.
311900
Other food mfg. (including 
coffee, tea, flavorings, & 
seasonings)
Leather & Allied Product 
Manufacturing
316210
Footwear mfg. (including 
leather, rubber, & plastics)
316110
Leather & hide tanning & 
finishing
316990
Other leather & allied product 
mfg.
Nonmetallic Mineral Product 
Manufacturing
327300
Cement & concrete product 
mfg.
327100
Clay product & refractory mfg.
327210
Glass & glass product mfg.
327400
Lime & gypsum product mfg.
327900
Other nonmetallic mineral 
product mfg.
Mining
212110
Coal mining
211120
Crude petroleum extraction
212200
Metal ore mining
211130
Natural gas extraction
212300
Nonmetallic mineral mining & 
quarrying
213110
Support activities for mining
Other Services
Personal & Laundry Services
812111
Barber shops
812112
Beauty salons
812220
Cemeteries & crematories
812310
Coin-operated laundries & 
drycleaners
812320
Drycleaning & laundry services 
(except coin-operated) 
(including laundry & 
drycleaning drop-off & pickup 
sites)
812210
Funeral homes & funeral 
services
812330
Linen & uniform supply
812113
Nail salons
812930
Parking lots & garages
812910
Pet care (except veterinary) 
services
812920
Photofinishing
812190
Other personal care services 
(including diet & weight 
reducing centers)
812990
All other personal services
Repair & Maintenance
811120
Automotive body, paint, 
interior, & glass repair
811110
Automotive mechanical & 
electrical repair & maintenance
811190
Other automotive repair & 
maintenance (including oil 
change & lubrication shops & 
car washes)
811310
Commercial & industrial 
machinery & equipment (except 
automotive & electronic) repair 
& maintenance
811210
Electronic & precision 
equipment repair & maintenance
811430
Footwear & leather goods repair
811410
Home & garden equipment & 
appliance repair & maintenance
811420
Reupholstery & furniture repair
811490
Other personal & household 
goods repair & maintenance
Professional, Scientific, & 
Technical Services
541100
Legal services
541211
Offices of certified public 
accountants
541214
Payroll services
541213
Tax preparation services
541219
Other accounting services
Architectural, Engineering, & Related 
Services
541310
Architectural services
541350
Building inspection services
541340
Drafting services
541330
Engineering services
541360
Geophysical surveying & 
mapping services
541320
Landscape architecture services
541370
Surveying & mapping (except 
geophysical) services
541380
Testing laboratories & services
Computer Systems Design & Related 
Services
541510
Computer systems design & 
related services
Specialized Design Services
541400
Specialized design services 
(including interior, industrial, 
graphic, & fashion design)
Other Professional, Scientific, & 
Technical Services
541800
Advertising, public relations, & 
related services
541600
Management, scientific, & 
technical consulting services
541910
Market research & public 
opinion polling
541920
Photographic services
541700
Scientific research & 
development services
541930
Translation & interpretation 
services
541940
Veterinary services
541990
All other professional, scientific, 
& technical services
Real Estate & Rental & Leasing
Real Estate
531100
Lessors of real estate (including 
miniwarehouses & self-storage 
units)
531210
Offices of real estate agents & 
brokers
531320
Offices of real estate appraisers
531310
Real estate property managers
531390
Other activities related to real 
estate
Rental & Leasing Services
532100
Automotive equipment rental & 
leasing
532400
Commercial & industrial 
machinery & equipment rental 
& leasing
532210
Consumer electronics & 
appliances rental
532281
Formal wear & costume rental
532310
General rental centers
532283
Home health equipment rental
532284
Recreational goods rental
532282
Video tape & disc rental
532289
Other consumer goods rental
Religious, Grantmaking, Civic, 
Professional, & Similar 
Organizations
813000
Religious, grantmaking, civic, 
professional, & similar 
organizations
Retail Trade
Building Material & Garden 
Equipment & Supplies Dealers
444140
Hardware retailers
444110
Home centers
444200
Lawn & garden equipment & 
supplies retailers
444120
Paint & wallpaper retailers
444180
Other building materials dealers
Clothing & Accessories Retailers
458110
Clothing & clothing accessories 
retailers
458310
Jewelry retailers
458320
Luggage & leather goods 
retailers
458210
Shoe retailers
Electronic & Appliance Retailers
449210
Electronics & appliance retailers 
(including computers)
Food & Beverage Retailers
445320
Beer, wine, & liquor retailers
445250
Fish & seafood retailers
445230
Fruit & vegetable retailers
445100
Grocery & convenience retailers
445240
Meat retailers
445290
Other specialty food retailers
445132
Vending machine operators
Furniture & Home Furnishings 
Retailers
449110
Furniture retailers
449120
Home furnishings retailers
Gasoline Stations & Fuel dealers
457100
Gasoline stations (including 
convenience stores with gas)
457210
Fuel dealers (including heating 
oil & liquefied petroleum)
General Merchandise Retailers
455000
General merchandise retailers
Health & Personal Care Retailers
456120
Cosmetics, beauty supplies, & 
perfume retailers
456130
Optical goods retailers
456110
Pharmacies & drug retailers
456190
Other health & personal care 
retailers
Motor Vehicle & Parts Dealers
441300
Automotive parts, accessories, 
& tire retailers
441222
Boat dealers
441227
Motorcycle, ATV, & all other 
motor vehicle dealers
441110
New car dealers
441210
Recreational vehicle dealers 
(including motor home & travel 
trailer dealers)
441120
Used car dealers
Sporting Goods, Hobby, Book, Musical 
Instrument & Miscellaneous Retailers
459210
Book retailers & news dealers 
(including newsstands)
459120
Hobby, toy, & game retailers
459140
Musical instrument & supplies 
retailers
459130
Sewing, needlework, & piece 
goods retailers
459110
Sporting goods retailers
459920
Art dealers
459310
Florists
459420
Gift, novelty, & souvenir 
retailers
459930
Manufactured (mobile) home 
dealers
459410
Office supplies & stationery 
retailers
459910
Pet & pet supplies retailers
459510
Used merchandise retailers
459990
All other miscellaneous retailers 
(including tobacco, candle, & 
trophy retailers)
Nonstore Retailers
Nonstore retailers sell all types 
of merchandise using such 
methods as Internet, mail-order 
catalogs, interactive television, 
or direct sales. These types of 
Retailers should select the PBA 
associated with their primary 
line of products sold.
For example, establishments 
primarily selling prescription 
and non-prescription drugs, 
select PBA code 456110 
Pharmacies & Drug Retailers.
Transportation & Warehousing
481000
Air transportation
485510
Charter bus industry
484110
General freight trucking, local
484120
General freight trucking, long 
distance
485210
Interurban & rural bus 
transportation
486000
Pipeline transportation
482110
Rail transportation
487000
Scenic & sightseeing 
transportation
485410
School & employee bus 
transportation
484200
Specialized freight trucking 
(including household moving 
vans)
485300
Taxi, limousine, & ridesharing 
service
485110
Urban transit systems
483000
Water transportation
485990
Other transit & ground 
passenger transportation
488000
Support activities for 
transportation (including motor 
vehicle towing)
Couriers & Messengers
492000
Couriers & messengers
Warehousing & Storage Facilities
493100
Warehousing & storage (except 
leases of miniwarehouses & 
self-storage units)
Utilities
221000
Utilities
Wholesale Trade
Merchant Wholesalers, Durable Goods
423200
Furniture & home furnishing
423700
Hardware, & plumbing & 
heating equipment & supplies
423600
Household appliances & 
electrical & electronic goods
423940
Jewelry, watch, precious stone, 
& precious metals
423300
Lumber & other construction 
materials
423800
Machinery, equipment, & 
supplies
423500
Metal & mineral (except 
petroleum)
423100
Motor vehicle & motor vehicle 
parts & supplies
423400
Professional & commercial 
equipment & supplies
423930
Recyclable materials
423910
Sporting & recreational goods & 
supplies
423920
Toy & hobby goods & supplies
423990
Other miscellaneous durable 
goods
Merchant Wholesalers, Nondurable 
Goods
424300
Apparel, piece goods, & notions
C-19
(Continued)
424800
Beer, wine, & distilled alcoholic 
beverages
424920
Books, periodicals, & 
newspapers
424600
Chemical & allied products
424210
Drugs & druggists' sundries
424500
Farm product raw materials
424910
Farm supplies
424930
Flower, nursery stock, & 
florists' supplies
424400
Grocery & related products
424950
Paint, varnish, & supplies
424100
Paper & paper products
424700
Petroleum & petroleum products
424940
Tobacco products & electronic 
cigarettes
424990
Other miscellaneous nondurable 
goods
Wholesale Trade Agents & 
Brokers
425120
Wholesale trade agents & 
brokers
999000
Unclassified establishments 
(unable to classify)
C-20
