CAUTION: NOT FOR FILING
Form 1095-A is provided here for informational purposes only.
Health Insurance Marketplaces use Form 1095-A to report information on 
enrollments in a qualified health plan in the individual market through the 
Marketplace. As the form is to be completed by the Marketplaces, 
individuals cannot complete and use Form 1095-A available on IRS.gov. 
Individuals receiving a completed Form 1095-A from the Health Insurance 
Marketplace will use the information received on the form and the guidance 
in the instructions to assist them in filing an accurate tax return.
Form  1095-A
Department of the Treasury 
Internal Revenue Service
Health Insurance Marketplace Statement 
 Do not attach to your tax return. Keep for your records. 
Go to www.irs.gov/Form1095A for instructions and the latest information.
VOID
CORRECTED
OMB No. 1545-2232
2022
Part I
Recipient Information
1  Marketplace identifier
2  Marketplace-assigned policy number
3  Policy issuer’s name
4  Recipient’s name
5  Recipient’s SSN
6  Recipient’s date of birth
7  Recipient’s spouse’s name 
8  Recipient’s spouse’s SSN
9  Recipient’s spouse’s date of birth
10  Policy start date
11  Policy termination date
12  Street address (including apartment no.)
13  City or town
14  State or province
15  Country and ZIP or foreign postal code
Part II
Covered Individuals
A. Covered individual name
B. Covered individual SSN
C. Covered individual 
date of birth
D. Coverage start date
E. Coverage termination date
16
17
18
19
20
Part III
Coverage Information
Month
A. Monthly enrollment premiums
B. Monthly second lowest cost silver 
plan (SLCSP) premium
C. Monthly advance payment of 
premium tax credit
21   January
22   February
23   March
24   April
25   May
26   June
27   July
28   August
29   September
30   October
31   November
32   December
33   Annual Totals
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions.
Cat. No. 60703Q
Form 1095-A (2022) 
Form 1095-A (2022) 
Page 2 
Instructions for Recipient
You received this Form 1095-A because you or a family member 
enrolled in health insurance coverage through the Health Insurance 
Marketplace. This Form 1095-A provides information you need to 
complete Form 8962, Premium Tax Credit (PTC). You must complete 
Form 8962 and file it with your tax return (Form 1040, Form 
1040-SR, or Form 1040-NR) if any amount other than zero is shown 
in Part III, column C, of this Form 1095-A (meaning that you 
received premium assistance through advance payments of the 
premium tax credit (also called advance credit payments)) or if you 
want to take the premium tax credit. The filing requirement applies 
whether or not you’re otherwise required to file a tax return. If you are 
filing Form 8962, you cannot file Form 1040-NR-EZ, Form 
1040-SS, or Form 1040-PR. The Marketplace has also reported the 
information on this form to the IRS. If you or your family members 
enrolled at the Marketplace in more than one qualified health plan 
policy, you will receive a Form 1095-A for each policy. Check the 
information on this form carefully. Please contact your Marketplace if 
you have questions concerning its accuracy. If you or your family 
members were enrolled in a Marketplace catastrophic health plan or 
separate dental policy, you aren’t entitled to take a premium tax credit 
for this coverage when you file your return, even if you received a Form 
1095-A for this coverage. For additional information related to Form 
1095-A, go to www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-
Families/Health-Insurance-Marketplace-Statements.
Additional information. For additional information about the tax 
provisions of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), including the premium tax 
credit, see www.irs.gov/Affordable-Care-Act/Individuals-and-Families or 
call the IRS Healthcare Hotline for ACA questions (800-919-0452).
VOID box. If the “VOID” box is checked at the top of the form, you 
previously received a Form 1095-A for the policy described in Part I.  
That Form 1095-A was sent in error. You shouldn’t have received a 
Form 1095-A for this policy. Don’t use the information on this or the 
previously received Form 1095-A to figure your premium tax credit on 
Form 8962.
CORRECTED box. If the “CORRECTED” box is checked at the top of 
the form, use the information on this Form 1095-A to figure the premium 
tax credit and reconcile any advance credit payments on Form 8962. 
Don’t use the information on the original Form 1095-A you received for 
this policy. 
Part I. Recipient Information, lines 1–15. Part I reports information 
about you, the insurance company that issued your policy, and the 
Marketplace where you enrolled in the coverage.
Line 1. This line identifies the state where you enrolled in coverage 
through the Marketplace.
Line 2. This line is the policy number assigned by the Marketplace to 
identify the policy in which you enrolled. If you are completing Part IV of 
Form 8962, enter this number on line 30, 31, 32, or 33, box a.
Line 3. This is the name of the insurance company that issued your 
policy.
Line 4. You are the recipient because you are the person the 
Marketplace identified at enrollment who is expected to file a tax return 
and who, if qualified, would take the premium tax credit for the year of 
coverage.
Line 5. This is your social security number (SSN). For your protection, 
this form may show only the last four digits. However, the Marketplace 
has reported your complete SSN to the IRS.
Line 6. A date of birth will be entered if there is no SSN on line 5.
Lines 7, 8, and 9. Information about your spouse will be entered only if 
advance credit payments were made for your coverage. The date of 
birth will be entered on line 9 only if line 8 is blank.
Lines 10 and 11. These are the starting and ending dates of the policy.
Lines 12 through 15. Your address is entered on these lines.
Part II. Covered Individuals, lines 16–20. Part II reports information 
about each individual who is covered under your policy. This information 
includes the name, SSN, date of birth, and the starting and ending dates 
of coverage for each covered individual. For each line, a date of birth is 
reported in column C only if an SSN isn’t entered in column B. 
If advance credit payments are made, the only individuals listed on 
Form 1095-A will be those whom you certified to the Marketplace would 
be in your tax family for the year of coverage (yourself, spouse, and 
dependents). If you certified to the Marketplace at enrollment that one or 
more of the individuals who enrolled in the plan aren’t individuals who 
would be in your tax family for the year of coverage, those individuals 
won’t be listed on your Form 1095-A. For example, if you indicated to 
the Marketplace at enrollment that an individual enrolling in the policy is 
your adult child who will not be your dependent for the year of coverage, 
that child will receive a separate Form 1095-A and won’t be listed in 
Part II on your Form 1095-A.
If advance credit payments are made and you certify that one or more 
enrolled individuals aren’t individuals who would be in your tax family for 
the year of coverage, your Form 1095-A will include coverage 
information in Part III that is applicable solely to the individuals listed on 
your Form 1095-A, and separately issued Forms 1095-A will include 
coverage information, including dollar amounts, applicable to those 
individuals not in your tax family.
If advance credit payments weren’t made and you didn’t identify at 
enrollment the individuals who would be in your tax family for the year of 
coverage, Form 1095-A will list all enrolled individuals in Part II on your 
Form 1095-A.
If there are more than 5 individuals covered by a policy, you will 
receive one or more additional Forms 1095-A that continue Part II.
Part III. Coverage Information, lines 21–33. Part III reports information 
about your insurance coverage that you will need to complete Form 
8962 to reconcile advance credit payments or to take the premium tax 
credit when you file your return.
Column A. This column is the monthly premiums for the plan in which 
you or family members were enrolled, including premiums that you paid 
and premiums that were paid through advance payments of the 
premium tax credit. If you or a family member enrolled in a separate 
dental plan with pediatric benefits, this column includes the portion of 
the dental plan premiums for the pediatric benefits. If your plan covered 
benefits that aren’t essential health benefits, such as adult dental or 
vision benefits, the amount in this column will be reduced by the 
premiums for the nonessential benefits. If the policy was terminated by 
your insurance company due to nonpayment of premiums for 1 or more 
months, then a -0- will appear in this column for these months 
regardless of whether advance credit payments were made for these 
months.
Column B. This column is the monthly premium for the second lowest 
cost silver plan (SLCSP) that the Marketplace has determined applies to 
members of your family enrolled in the coverage. The applicable SLCSP 
premium is used to compute your monthly advance credit payments 
and the premium tax credit you take on your return. See the instructions 
for Form 8962, Part II, on how to use the information in this column or 
how to complete Form 8962 if there is no information entered. If the 
policy was terminated by your insurance company due to nonpayment 
of premiums for 1 or more months, then a -0- will appear in this column 
for the months, regardless of whether advance credit payments were 
made for these months.
Column C. This column is the monthly amount of advance credit 
payments that were made to your insurance company on your behalf to 
pay for all or part of the premiums for your coverage. If this is the only 
column in Part III that is filled in with an amount other than zero for a 
month, it means your policy was terminated by your insurance company 
due to nonpayment of premiums, and you aren’t entitled to take the 
premium tax credit for that month when you file your tax return. You 
must still reconcile the entire advance payment that was paid on your 
behalf for that month using Form 8962. No information will be entered in 
this column if no advance credit payments were made. 
Lines 21–33. The Marketplace will report the amounts in columns A, B, 
and C on lines 21–32 for each month and enter the totals on line 33. Use 
this information to complete Form 8962, line 11 or lines 12–23.
