Form  8233
(Rev. September 2018)
Department of the Treasury  
Internal Revenue Service 
Exemption From Withholding on Compensation   
for Independent (and Certain Dependent) Personal  
Services of a Nonresident Alien Individual 
▶ Go to www.irs.gov/Form8233 for instructions and the latest information.  ▶ See separate instructions.
OMB No. 1545-0795
Who Should   
Use This Form? 
Note: For  
definitions of terms  
used in this section  
and detailed  
instructions on  
required  
withholding forms  
for each type of  
income, see  
Definitions in the 
instructions. 
IF you are a nonresident alien individual who is  
receiving. . .
THEN, if you are the beneficial owner of that  
income, use this form to claim. . .
Compensation for independent personal  
services performed in the United States 
A tax treaty withholding exemption  
(Independent personal services, Business  
profits) for part or all of that compensation. 
Compensation for dependent personal   
services performed in the United States 
A tax treaty withholding exemption for part or  
all of that compensation.   
Noncompensatory scholarship or fellowship  
income and personal services income from   
the same withholding agent 
A tax treaty withholding exemption for part or  
all of both types of income. 
DO NOT Use 
This Form. . .
IF you are a beneficial owner who is. . .
INSTEAD, use. . .
Receiving compensation for dependent  
personal services performed in the United  
States and you are not claiming a tax treaty  
withholding exemption for that compensation 
Form W-4 (See the Instructions for Form 8233 
for how to complete Form  W-4.) 
Receiving noncompensatory scholarship or  
fellowship income and you are not receiving  
any personal services income from the same  
withholding agent 
Form W-8BEN or, if elected by the withholding 
agent, Form W-4 for the  noncompensatory 
scholarship or fellowship income 
Claiming only foreign status or treaty benefits  
with respect to income that is not  
compensation for personal services 
Form W-8BEN 
This exemption is applicable for compensation for calendar year 
 , or other tax year beginning 
and ending 
. 
Part I 
Identification of Beneficial Owner (See instructions.) 
1   Name of individual who is the beneficial owner 
2   U.S. taxpayer identification number 
3   Foreign tax identification number, if any 
4   Permanent residence address (street, apt. or suite no., or rural route). Do not use a P.O. box. 
City or town, state or province. Include postal code where appropriate. 
Country (do not abbreviate) 
5   Address in the United States (street, apt. or suite no., or rural route). Do not use a P.O. box. 
City or town, state, and ZIP code 
Note: Citizens of Canada or Mexico are not required to complete lines 7a and 7b. 
6   U.S. visa type 
7a  Country issuing passport 
7b  Passport number 
8   Date of entry into the United States 
9a  Current nonimmigrant status 
9b  Date your current nonimmigrant status expires 
10 If you are a foreign student, trainee, professor/teacher, or researcher, check this box 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.  ▶
Caution: See the line 10 instructions for the required additional statement you must attach. 
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions. 
Cat. No. 62292K 
Form  8233 (Rev. 9-2018) 
Form 8233 (Rev. 9-2018) 
Page 2 
Part II 
Claim for Tax Treaty Withholding Exemption 
11 
Compensation for independent (and certain dependent) personal services: 
a Description of personal services you are providing 
b Total compensation you expect to be paid for these services in this calendar or tax year    $ 
12 
If compensation is exempt from withholding based on a tax treaty benefit, provide: 
a Tax treaty on which you are basing exemption from withholding 
b Treaty article on which you are basing exemption from withholding
c
Total compensation listed on line 11b above that is exempt from tax under this treaty  $ 
d
Country of residence 
Note: Do not complete lines 13a through 13d unless you also received compensation for personal services from the same 
withholding agent. 
13 
Noncompensatory scholarship or fellowship income: 
a Amount  $ 
b Tax treaty on which you are basing exemption from withholding 
c Treaty article on which you are basing exemption from withholding
d
Total income listed on line 13a above that is exempt from tax under this treaty  $ 
14 
Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from withholding claimed on line 12 and/or line 13 (see instructions) 
Part III 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined the information on this form and to the best of my knowledge and belief it is true,  
correct, and complete. I further certify under penalties of perjury that: 
• I am the beneficial owner (or am authorized to sign for the beneficial owner) of all the income to which this form relates. 
• The beneficial owner is not a U.S. person. 
• The beneficial owner is a resident of the treaty country listed on line 12a and/or 13b above within the meaning of the income tax treaty   
between the United States and that country, or was a resident of the treaty country listed on line 12a and/or 13b above at the time of, or immediately 
prior to, entry into the United States, as required by the treaty.
Furthermore, I authorize this form to be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt, or custody of the income of which I am the  
beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of the income of which I am the beneficial owner. 
Sign Here 
▶
Signature of beneficial owner (or individual authorized to sign for beneficial owner) 
Date 
Part IV 
Withholding Agent Acceptance and Certification 
Name 
Employer identification number 
Address (number and street) (Include apt. or suite no. or P.O. box, if applicable.) 
City, state, and ZIP code 
Telephone number 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that I have examined this form and any accompanying statements, that I am satisfied that an exemption from 
withholding is warranted, and that I do not know or have reason to know that the nonresident alien individual is not entitled to the exemption or 
that the nonresident alien’s eligibility for the exemption cannot be readily determined. 
Signature of withholding agent  ▶
Date  ▶
Form  8233 (Rev. 9-2018) 
