Form   843 
(Rev. August 2011) 
Department of the Treasury  
Internal Revenue Service 
Claim for Refund and Request for Abatement 
▶ See separate instructions.
OMB No. 1545-0024 
Use Form 843 if your claim or request involves: 
(a) 
a refund of one of the taxes (other than income taxes or an employer’s claim for FICA tax, RRTA tax, or income tax 
withholding) or a fee, shown on line 3, 
(b) 
an abatement of FUTA tax or certain excise taxes, or 
(c) 
a refund or abatement of interest, penalties, or additions to tax for one of the reasons shown on line 5a. 
Do not use Form 843 if your claim or request involves: 
(a) 
an overpayment of income taxes or an employer’s claim for FICA tax, RRTA tax, or income tax withholding (use the  
appropriate amended tax return), 
(b) 
a refund of excise taxes based on the nontaxable use or sale of fuels, or 
(c) 
an overpayment of excise taxes reported on Form(s) 11-C, 720, 730, or 2290. 
Name(s) 
Your social security number 
Address (number, street, and room or suite no.) 
Spouse’s social security number 
City or town, state, and ZIP code 
Employer identification number (EIN) 
Name and address shown on return if different from above 
Daytime telephone number 
1 
Period. Prepare a separate Form 843 for each tax period or fee year.
From 
to 
2     Amount to be refunded or abated:
$ 
3 
Type of tax or fee. Indicate the type of tax or fee to be refunded or abated or to which the interest, penalty, or addition to tax 
is related. 
Employment 
Estate 
Gift 
Excise 
Income 
Fee
4 
Type of penalty. If the claim or request involves a penalty, enter the Internal Revenue Code section on which the penalty is 
based (see instructions). IRC section: 
5 a
Interest, penalties, and additions to tax. Check the box that indicates your reason for the request for refund or abatement. (If
none apply, go to line 6.) 
Interest was assessed as a result of IRS errors or delays. 
A penalty or addition to tax was the result of erroneous written advice from the IRS. 
Reasonable cause or other reason allowed under the law (other than erroneous written advice) can be shown for not 
assessing a penalty or addition to tax. 
b Date(s) of payment(s) ▶
6 
Original return. Indicate the type of fee or return, if  any, filed to which the tax, interest, penalty, or addition to tax relates. 
706 
709 
940 
941 
943 
945 
990-PF 
1040 
1120 
4720 
Other (specify) ▶
7 
Explanation. Explain why you believe this claim or request should be allowed and show the computation of the amount shown 
on line 2. If you need more space, attach additional sheets. 
Signature. If you are filing Form 843 to request a refund or abatement relating to a joint return, both you and your spouse must sign the claim. 
Claims filed by corporations must be signed by a corporate officer authorized to sign, and the officer’s title must be shown. 
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I have examined this claim, including accompanying schedules and statements, and, to the best of my knowledge and belief, it is 
true, correct, and complete. Declaration of preparer (other than taxpayer) is based on all information of which preparer has any knowledge. 
Signature (Title, if applicable. Claims by corporations must be signed by an officer.) 
Date
Signature (spouse, if joint return) 
Date
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see separate instructions.
Cat. No. 10180R 
Form 843 (Rev. 8-2011)
Paid 
Preparer 
Use Only
Print/Type preparer’s name
Preparer's signature
Date
Check         if 
self-employed
PTIN
Firm’s name     ▶
Firm's EIN  ▶
Firm's address  ▶
Phone no.
