Form   8850
(Rev. March 2016)
Department of the Treasury  
Internal Revenue Service 
Pre-Screening Notice and Certification Request for 
the Work Opportunity Credit
▶ Information about Form 8850 and its separate instructions is at www.irs.gov/form8850.
OMB No. 1545-1500
Job applicant: Fill in the lines below and check any boxes that apply. Complete only this side.
Your name
Social security number ▶
Street address where you live
City or town, state, and ZIP code
County
Telephone number
If you are under age 40, enter your date of birth (month, day, year)
1 
Check here if you received a conditional certification from the state workforce agency (SWA) or a participating local agency
for the work opportunity credit.
2 
Check here if any of the following statements apply to you.
•  I am a member of a family that has received assistance from Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) for any 9
months during the past 18 months.
•  I am a veteran and a member of a family that received Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits (food
stamps) for at least a 3-month period during the past 15 months.
•  I was referred here by a rehabilitation agency approved by the state, an employment network under the Ticket to Work  
program, or the Department of Veterans Affairs.
•  I am at least age 18 but not age 40 or older and I am a member of a family that:
a. Received SNAP benefits (food stamps) for the past 6 months; or
b. Received SNAP benefits (food stamps) for at least 3 of the past 5 months, but is no longer eligible to receive them.
•  During the past year, I was convicted of a felony or released from prison for a felony.
•  I received supplemental security income (SSI) benefits for any month ending during the past 60 days.
•  I am a veteran and I was unemployed for a period or periods totaling at least 4 weeks but less than 6 months during the
past year.
3 
Check here if you are a veteran and you were unemployed for a period or periods totaling at least 6 months during the past 
year.
4 
Check here if you are a veteran entitled to compensation for a service-connected disability and you were discharged or 
released from active duty in the U.S. Armed Forces during the past year.
5 
Check here if you are a veteran entitled to compensation for a service-connected disability and you were unemployed for a 
period or periods totaling at least 6 months during the past year.
6
Check here if you are a member of a family that:
• Received TANF payments for at least the past 18 months; or
• Received TANF payments for any 18 months beginning after August 5, 1997, and the earliest 18-month period beginning 
after August 5, 1997, ended during the past 2 years; or
• Stopped being eligible for TANF payments during the past 2 years because federal or state law limited the maximum time
those payments could be made.
7
Check here if you are in a period of unemployment that is at least 27 consecutive weeks and for all or part of that period
you received unemployment compensation.
Signature—All Applicants Must Sign
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that I gave the above information to the employer on or before the day I was offered a job, and it is, to the best of my knowledge, true, 
correct, and complete.
Job applicant’s signature ▶
Date
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2.
Cat. No. 22851L
Form 8850 (Rev. 3-2016)
Form 8850 (Rev. 3-2016)
Page 2
For Employer’s Use Only
Employer’s name
Telephone no.
EIN ▶
Street address
City or town, state, and ZIP code
Person to contact, if different from above
Telephone no.
Street address
City or town, state, and ZIP code
If, based on the individual’s age and home address, he or she is a member of group 4 or 6 (as described under Members of 
Targeted Groups in the separate instructions), enter that group number (4 or 6) .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.  ▶
Date applicant:
Gave 
information
Was  
offered job
Was 
hired
Started 
job
Under penalties of perjury, I declare that the applicant provided the information on this form on or before the day a job was offered to the applicant and that the 
information I have furnished is, to the best of my knowledge, true, correct, and complete. Based on the information the job applicant furnished on page 1, I 
believe the individual is a member of a targeted group. I hereby request a certification that the individual is a member of a targeted group.
Employer’s signature ▶
Title
Date
Privacy Act and 
Paperwork Reduction 
Act Notice
Section references are to the Internal 
Revenue Code.
Section 51(d)(13) permits a prospective 
employer to request the applicant to 
complete this form and give it to the 
prospective employer. The information 
will be used by the employer to  
complete the employer’s federal tax 
return. Completion of this form is 
voluntary and may assist members of 
targeted groups in securing employment. 
Routine uses of this form include giving 
it to the state workforce agency (SWA), 
which will contact appropriate sources 
to confirm that the applicant is a 
member of a targeted group. This form 
may also be given to the Internal 
Revenue Service for administration of 
the Internal Revenue laws, to the 
Department of Justice for civil and
criminal litigation, to the Department of 
Labor for oversight of the certifications 
performed by the SWA, and to cities, 
states, and the District of Columbia for 
use in administering their tax laws. We 
may also disclose this information to 
other countries under a tax treaty, to 
federal and state agencies to enforce 
federal nontax criminal laws, or to 
federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism.
You are not required to provide the 
information requested on a form that is 
subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act 
unless the form displays a valid OMB 
control number. Books or records 
relating to a form or its instructions must 
be retained as long as their contents 
may become material in the 
administration of any Internal Revenue 
law. Generally, tax returns and return 
information are confidential, as required 
by section 6103.
The time needed to complete and file 
this form will vary depending on 
individual circumstances. The estimated 
average time is:
Recordkeeping  
.
.
 6 hr., 27 min.
Learning about the law 
or the form  .
.
.
.
.
.
. 24 min.
Preparing and sending this form 
to the SWA  .
.
.
.
.
.
. 31 min.
If you have comments concerning the 
accuracy of these time estimates or 
suggestions for making this form 
simpler, we would be happy to hear from 
you. You can send us comments from 
www.irs.gov/formspubs. Click on “More 
Information” and then on “Give us 
feedback.” Or you can send your 
comments to:
Internal Revenue Service                 
Tax Forms and Publications          
1111 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526 
Washington, DC 20224 
Do not send this form to this address. 
Instead, see When and Where To File in 
the separate instructions.
Form  8850  (Rev. 3-2016)
