Form  8886-T
(Rev. December 2019)
Disclosure by Tax-Exempt Entity Regarding 
Prohibited Tax Shelter Transaction
Department of the Treasury  
Internal Revenue Service 
 ▶ Go to www.irs.gov/Form8886T for instructions and the latest information.
OMB No. 1545-0047
Open to Public  
Inspection 
For calendar year 20 
, or tax year beginning 
, 20
, and ending
, 20
Name of tax-exempt entity 
Employer identification number 
In care of (if applicable) 
Number, street, and room or suite no. (or P.O. box number if mail is not delivered to street address) 
City or town, state, and ZIP code 
1 
Check the applicable box that describes the tax-exempt entity. 
An organization described in section 501(c) or 501(d) 
A state, a possession of the United States, or the  
District of Columbia, a political subdivision of a state or 
possession of the United States 
An Indian tribal government 
A plan described in section 401(a) which includes a trust 
exempt from tax under section 501(a) 
An annuity plan described in section 403(a) or annuity 
contract described in section 403(b) 
A qualified tuition program described in section 529 
An eligible deferred compensation plan described in 
section 457(b) which is maintained by an employer 
described in section 457(e)(1)(A) 
An individual retirement account 
An individual retirement annuity 
An Archer MSA 
A custodial account treated as an annuity contract  
under section 403(b)(7)(A) 
A Coverdell education savings account 
A health savings account 
A qualified ABLE program
2 
Identify the type of prohibited tax shelter transaction. Check all the box(es) that apply. See instructions. 
a 
Listed transaction 
b 
Confidential 
c 
Contractual protection 
3 
If the transaction is a listed transaction or substantially similar to a listed transaction, identify the listed transactions. See 
instructions. 
4 
Identity of other parties (whether taxable or tax-exempt) to the transaction, if known. Attach additional sheets, if necessary. 
Name of party 
Number, street, and room or suite no. 
City or town, state, and ZIP code 
Name of party 
Number, street, and room or suite no. 
City or town, state, and ZIP code 
Sign  
Here 
I declare under penalty of perjury that I am authorized to sign this disclosure, that I have examined this disclosure, including any accompanying attachments, 
and to the best of my knowledge and belief, it is true, correct, and complete. 
▲
Signature of director, trustee, officer, or other authorized official 
Date 
Type or print name of signer 
Type or print title or authority of signer 
For Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see the separate instructions.
Cat. No. 49103E
Form 8886-T (Rev. 12-2019) 
