Schedule OI (Form 1040-NR) is an attachment to Form 1040-NR used by taxpayers to provide additional information to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) regarding their tax situation. The form consists of various questions that taxpayers must answer.

The questions on Schedule OI include:

A. Citizenship: Taxpayers must indicate the country or countries of which they were citizens or nationals during the tax year.

B. Residence: Taxpayers must indicate the country in which they claimed residence for tax purposes during the tax year.

C. Green Card Application: Taxpayers must indicate whether they have ever applied to be a green card holder (lawful permanent resident) of the United States.

D. U.S. Citizenship and Green Card Holder Status: Taxpayers must indicate whether they have ever been a U.S. citizen or a green card holder (lawful permanent resident) of the United States. If they answer yes to either question, they are directed to refer to Publication 519 for expatriation rules that may apply to them.

E. Visa or Immigration Status: Taxpayers must provide information about their visa type or U.S. immigration status on the last day of the tax year.

F. Change in Visa or Immigration Status: Taxpayers must indicate whether they have ever changed their visa type or U.S. immigration status and provide the date and nature of the change if applicable.

G. Entry and Exit Dates: Taxpayers must list all dates they entered and left the United States during the tax year. There are checkboxes for residents of Canada or Mexico who commute to work in the United States.

H. Days Present in the United States: Taxpayers must provide the number of days they were present in the United States during the tax years 2020, 2021, and 2022.

I. Prior Year Tax Returns: Taxpayers must indicate whether they have filed a U.S. income tax return for any prior year and provide the latest year and form number they filed.

J. Trust Return: Taxpayers must indicate whether they are filing a return for a trust and whether the trust had a U.S. or foreign owner, made a distribution or loan to a U.S. person, or received a contribution from a U.S. person.

K. Compensation: Taxpayers must indicate whether they received total compensation of $250,000 or more during the tax year and whether they used an alternative method to determine the source of this compensation.

L. Income Exempt From Tax: Taxpayers claiming exemption from income tax under a U.S. income tax treaty with a foreign country must provide information on the country, applicable tax treaty article, number of months claimed in prior tax years, and the amount of exempt income in the current tax year.

M. Elections for Real Property Income: Taxpayers must indicate whether they are making an election or have made an election in a previous year to treat income from real property located in the United States as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business under section 871(d).

Taxpayers must answer all the questions on Schedule OI and attach it to their Form 1040-NR. The form also provides a Paperwork Reduction Act Notice for reference.