Schedule O (Form 5471) is a document used by taxpayers in the United States to report information about the organization or reorganization of a foreign corporation, as well as acquisitions and dispositions of its stock. The document is to be attached to Form 5471 and completed separately for each foreign corporation for which information needs to be reported.

Part I of the form is to be completed by U.S. officers and directors and includes fields for the name, address, and identifying number of the shareholder for whom acquisition information is being reported, as well as the dates of original and additional 10% acquisitions.

Part II of the form is to be completed by U.S. shareholders and includes sections for general shareholder information, such as name, address, and identifying number, as well as information about U.S. persons who are officers or directors of the foreign corporation.

Section C of Part II is for reporting the acquisition of stock and includes fields for the name of the shareholder, class of stock acquired, date of acquisition, method of acquisition, and number of shares acquired.

Section D of Part II is for reporting the disposition of stock and includes fields for the name of the shareholder disposing of stock, class of stock, date of disposition, method of disposition, number of shares disposed of, and amount received.

Section E of Part II is for reporting the organization or reorganization of the foreign corporation and includes fields for the name and address of the transferor, identifying number (if any), date of transfer, assets transferred to the foreign corporation, and description of assets transferred.

Section F of Part II is for providing additional information, such as the filing of U.S. income tax returns by the foreign corporation or a predecessor U.S. corporation, any reorganizations of the foreign corporation, and ownership chain information if the foreign corporation is a member of a group constituting a chain of ownership.

The form includes instructions and a reference to the IRS website for more information.