Form 8996 is a document provided by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for taxpayers organized as corporations or partnerships that are investing in qualified opportunity zone (QOZ) property. The form is used to calculate the investment standard and determine if any penalties apply.

Part I of the form asks for general information and certification. Taxpayers must indicate if they are organized for the purpose of investing in QOZ property and whether this is their first period as a QOZ. If it is their first period, they must provide the first month in which the fund chose to be a QOZ.

Part II involves the calculation of the investment standard. Taxpayers are required to enter the total QOZ property and total assets held by the taxpayer on the last day of the first 6-month period and the last day of the tax year. These values are used to determine the ratio of QOZ property to total assets.

Part III determines if the taxpayer has met the investment standard. If the ratio calculated in Part II is equal to or more than 0.90, the taxpayer is in compliance and should enter zero on this line. If the ratio is less than 0.90, the taxpayer has failed to maintain the investment standard and must complete Part IV to calculate the penalty.

Part IV calculates the penalty for failing to meet the investment standard. Taxpayers must provide information on the total assets and QOZ property held by the taxpayer on the last day of each month. The penalty is calculated based on the underpayment rate and the difference between the required investment and the actual investment.

Part V and Part VI are used to report QOZ business property directly owned or leased by the taxpayer and QOZ stock or partnership interests held by the taxpayer, respectively. These sections require information on the QOZs, property values, and investment values.

Part VII is a continuation of Part VI and allows taxpayers to report additional QOZ business property and investment values if they have invested in QOZ businesses with locations in more than the QOZs listed in Part VI.

Overall, Form 8996 is a detailed form that helps taxpayers calculate their compliance with the investment standard for QOZ investments and determine any penalties that may apply.