Schedule J (Form 5471) is a document provided by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for taxpayers to report the accumulated earnings and profits (E&P) of a controlled foreign corporation. The form must be attached to Form 5471, and the latest instructions can be found on the IRS website.

The form requires the taxpayer to provide their identifying information, including their name and identifying number, as well as the name and employer identification number (EIN) of the foreign corporation. There is also a reference ID number to be entered, as per the instructions.

Part I of the form focuses on the accumulated E&P of the controlled foreign corporation. The taxpayer is instructed to enter amounts in the functional currency. The form includes various sections to report different types of E&P, such as post-2017 E&P not previously taxed, post-1986 undistributed earnings, and pre-1987 E&P not previously taxed. There is also a section to report hovering deficit and deduction for suspended taxes. Previously taxed E&P is reported in column (e).

The form includes lines to report the beginning balance of E&P, adjustments to the beginning balance, and the adjusted beginning balance. It also includes sections for reduction and disallowed deductions for taxes suspended under anti-splitter rules, current year E&P or deficit in E&P, E&P attributable to distributions of previously taxed E&P from lower-tier foreign corporations, E&P carried over in nonrecognition transactions, and other adjustments.

The total current and accumulated E&P is calculated by combining the amounts reported on lines 1c through 6. The form also includes sections to report amounts reclassified to section 959(c)(2) E&P from section 959(c)(3) E&P, actual distributions, amounts reclassified to section 959(c)(1) E&P from section 959(c)(2) E&P, amounts included as earnings invested in U.S. property and reclassified to section 959(c)(1) E&P, and hovering deficit offset of undistributed post-transaction E&P.

The form concludes with a line to report the balance at the beginning of the next year, which is calculated by combining the amounts reported on lines 7 through 13.

Part II of the form focuses on nonpreviously taxed E&P subject to recapture as Subpart F income under section 952(c)(2). The taxpayer is instructed to enter amounts in the functional currency. The form includes lines to report the balance at the beginning of the year, additions (amounts subject to future recapture), subtractions (amounts recaptured in the current year), and the balance at the end of the year.

Overall, Schedule J (Form 5471) is a detailed form that taxpayers use to report the accumulated earnings and profits of a controlled foreign corporation for tax purposes.