Form 8996 is a document issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for taxpayers who are organized as corporations or partnerships and are investing in qualified opportunity zone (QOZ) property. The form is used to calculate the investment standard and determine if any penalties apply.

Part I of the form asks for general information and certification. Taxpayers need to indicate if they are organized for the purpose of investing in QOZ property and if this is their first period as a QOZ. If it is their first period, they need to provide the first month in which the fund chose to be a QOZ.

Part II involves the calculation of the investment standard. Taxpayers need to enter the total value of QOZ property held on the last day of the first 6-month period of the tax year and the total assets held on the same day. They also need to enter the values for the last day of the tax year and calculate the ratio of QOZ property to total assets.

Part III determines if the investment standard has been maintained. Taxpayers need to add the ratios calculated in Part II and divide the sum by 2. If the result is equal to or more than 0.90, no penalty applies. If the result is less than 0.90, taxpayers need to complete Part IV to calculate the penalty.

Part IV is used to calculate the penalty for failing to maintain the investment standard. Taxpayers need to enter the total assets held on the last day of each month and calculate the underpayment rate. They then multiply the underpayment rate by the difference between the required investment and the actual investment and divide the result by 12. The penalty is the sum of these calculations.

Part V and Part VI are used to report QOZ business property directly owned or leased by the taxpayer and QOZ stock or partnership interests held by the taxpayer, respectively. Taxpayers need to provide information about the QOZs and the values of the properties and investments.

Overall, Form 8996 is used by taxpayers investing in QOZ property to calculate the investment standard and determine if any penalties apply for failing to maintain the standard.